Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene, Texas.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas.
The runway name of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is 18L/36R.
The ICAO location identifier for Afonso Pena International Airport is SBCT.
Afonso Pena International Airport serves the city of Curitiba.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah.
The runway length of Al-Taqaddum Air Base is 3684.0.
The runway name of Alderney Airport is 14/32.
The runway length of Allama Iqbal International Airport is 3360.12.
The 1st runway number at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 18.
The 5th runway at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is made of asphalt.
The runway name of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 06/24 'Kaagbaan'.
Andrews County Airport is 973 metres above sea level.
Andrews County Airport is owned by Andrews County, Texas.
The runway length of Andrews County Airport is 896.0.
The 1st runway at Angola International Airport is made of asphalt.
Antwerp International Airport is 12 metres above sea level.
Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish Government.
The runway length of Appleton International Airport is 2439.0.
The runway length of Ardmore Airport in New Zealand is 518.0.
The ICAO location identifier for Ashgabat International Airport is UTAA.
The runway name at Ashgabat International Airport is 11/29.
Atlantic City International Airport is owned by the South Jersey Transportation Authority.
The runway name of Atlantic City International Airport is 13/31.
The language spoken in Belgium is Dutch.
Curitiba is part of the South Region of Brazil.
The Danes are the demonym of Denmark.
Fallujah is located in Iraq.
Greenville, Wisconsin is located in the United States.
Greenville, Wisconsin is part of Grand Chute, Wisconsin.
The language spoken in Iraq is Arabic.
Madrid is located in Spain.
Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan is part of the United States.
The leader of Pakistan is Sardar Ayaz Sadiq.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey serves New Jersey.
Houston is the largest city in Texas.
The United States Air Force was involved in the 1986 United States bombing of Libya.
The Boeing C-17 Globemaster III is a transport aircraft used by the United States Air Force.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000.
Adams County, Pennsylvania has Carroll County, Maryland to its southeast.
Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaijan.
The leader of Azerbaijan is the Prime Minister.
The native name of Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is Turk Sehitleri Aniti.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa.
The architectural style of 250 Delaware Avenue is Postmodern architecture.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago.
The architect of 320 South Boston Building was George Winkler.
The 320 South Boston Building was started in 1910.
The AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen has 814 rooms.
The architects of Adare Manor were James Pain and George Richard Pain.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Japan.
Alan B. Miller Hall is owned by the College of William & Mary.
The address of Amdavad ni Gufa is Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus near CEPT University opp. Gujarat University University Road.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House has the reference number 88002539 in the National Register of Historic Places.
Julia Morgan was the architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds.
The architecture of the Asilomar Conference Grounds is influenced by the Arts and Crafts Movement and American craftsman bungalows.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds were constructed in 1913.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City.
Buffalo, New York is part of Erie County, New York.
Byron Brown is the leader of Buffalo, New York.
County Limerick is part of Munster.
Criona Ni Dhalaigh is the leader of Dublin.
Mulatu Teshome is the leader of Ethiopia.
The Indian people are the demonym of India.
Julia Morgan's significant building is the Los Angeles Herald-Examiner.
Live Nation Entertainment is located in Beverly Hills, California.
Manhattan is part of New York.
New York City is part of New Netherland.
Pacific Grove, California is part of California.
White South Africans are an ethnic group in South Africa.
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom.
The ISBN number of 1634: The Ram Rebellion is 1-4165-2060-0.
Eric Flint is the author of 1634: The Ram Rebellion.
1634: The Ram Rebellion is available in print.
The AIDS journal is published in the United Kingdom.
A Glastonbury Romance has the OCLC number 76798317.
A Glastonbury Romance is available in hardcover.
A Long Long Way is written in the English language.
Diane Duane is the author of A Wizard of Mars.
The ISSN number of Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universitat Hamburg is 0025-5858.
Garth Nix is the author of Above the Veil.
Above the Veil is available in print.
The ISSN number of Acta Palaeontologica Polonica is 0567-7920.
The LCCN number for Addiction journal is 93645978.
The Addiction journal is in the academic discipline of Addiction.
Aenir is written in the English language.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English.
The American Journal of Mathematics falls under the academic discipline of mathematics.
Castle (novel) is written in the English language.
Eric Flint was born in Burbank, California.
Macmillan Publishers is the parent company of Farrar, Straus and Giroux.
John Cowper Powys wrote A Glastonbury Romance.
Soho Press is located in the United States.
The Secret Scripture was published by Faber and Faber.
Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
The English language is spoken in the United States.
Weymouth Sands was preceded by A Glastonbury Romance.
Rolando Maran is the manager of A.C. Chievo Verona.
A.D. Isidro Metapan play in the Salvadoran Primera Division.
The full name of A.F.C. Blackpool is Association Football Club Blackpool.
The ground of A.F.C. Blackpool is The Mechanics.
The ground of A.F.C. Blackpool is in Blackpool.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is in Gubbio.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 has 5300 members.
AEK Athens F.C.'s ground is in Athens.
AEK Athens F.C. played in the 2014-15 Football League Greece season.
AZAL Arena is located in Baku.
AZAL PFK play in the Azerbaijan Premier League.
AZ Alkmaar played in the 2014-15 Eredivisie season.
Akron, Ohio is located in the United States.
Akron, Ohio is located in Summit County, Ohio.
The full name of Akron Metro Futbol Club Summit Assault is Akron Summit Assault.
Eberhard van der Laan is the leader of Amsterdam.
Christian Panucci played for Chelsea F.C.
Christian Panucci plays for Inter Milan.
Frank de Boer plays for FC Barcelona.
Gubbio is located in the Umbria region.
Sergio Mattarella is the leader of Italy.
Jens Hartel plays for FC Sachsen Leipzig.
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez plays for FC Dallas.
Luciano Spalletti plays for Udinese Calcio.
Massimo Drago plays for A.S.D. S.S. Nola 1925.
Michele Marcolini plays for Atalanta B.C.
Michele Marcolini plays for Vicenza Calcio.
Peter Stoger plays for 1. FC Koln.
Rolando Maran plays for F.C. Bari 1908.
Sportpark De Toekomst is the tenant of Jong Ajax.
St. Vincent-St. Mary High School is located in the United States.
1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in the state of Alba.
B.M. Reddy is the president of Acharya Institute of Technology.
Mahe, India is to the northwest of Kerala.
Meride is a neighboring municipality to Mendrisio.
The capital of Romania is Bucharest.
Thomas Pallesen is the dean of the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has 16000 students.
Alan Bean is an American.
Buzz Aldrin was the backup pilot for Apollo 8.
Buzz Aldrin graduated from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology with a Sc.D in 1963.
Buzz Aldrin was a crew member of Apollo 11.
Buzz Aldrin was selected by NASA in 1963.
Benitoite is a gemstone found in California.
Elliot See died on February 28, 1966.
Elliot See died in St. Louis.
Elliot See is deceased.
April O'Neil was created by Kevin Eastman.
Bananaman was broadcasted by the BBC.
Ben Urich's full name is Benjamin Urich.
Jerry Ordway is the creator of Bibbo Bibbowski.
Bo Bibbowski is the full name of Bibbo Bibbowski.
Bill Oddie was born in Lancashire.
Jon Valor is an alternative name for the Black Pirate.
John Buscema won an Eisner Award.
Karl Kesel is an American.
Marv Wolfman won the Kirby Award.
Peter Laird is from the United States.
Scott Adsit was born in Northbrook, Illinois.
The area code of Albany, Georgia is 229.
Albany, Oregon is part of the United States.
The leader of Albuquerque, New Mexico is the Mayor.
The leader of Albuquerque, New Mexico is the New Mexico House of Representatives.
The leader of Albuquerque, New Mexico is the New Mexico Senate.
The total area of Amarillo, Texas is 233.9 square kilometres.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Randall County, Texas.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Richland Township, Madison County, Indiana.
The elevation of Angola, Indiana is 324.0 above sea level.
The area code of Antioch, California is 925.
Antioch, California is part of Contra Costa County, California.
The population density of Arlington, Texas is 1472.0 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Kasim Reed is the leader of Atlanta.
Atlantic City, New Jersey has a total area of 44.125 square kilometres.
Atlantic City is part of New Jersey.
The elevation of Attica, Indiana is 166.0 above sea level.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Alabama.
Auburn, Washington has a total area of 77.41 square kilometres.
Austin, Texas is part of Texas.
Spanish is the language spoken in California.
Dunwoody is the largest city in DeKalb County, Georgia.
Fulton County, Georgia is located in the United States.
The county seat of Madison County, Indiana is Anderson, Indiana.
Michigan is located in the United States.
Detroit is the largest city in Michigan.
Orange County, California is located in the United States.
The largest city in Oregon is Portland.
Fort Worth is the largest city in Tarrant County, Texas.
Barack Obama is the leader of the United States.
The United States House of Representatives is located in the United States Capitol.
Pecorino Romano is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce.
Chili pepper is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce.
White rice is an ingredient in Arros negre.
Arros negre comes from the region of Catalonia.
Arros negre is found in the Valencian Community.
Ayam penyet comes from the region of Singapore.
Tomato is an ingredient in a BLT.
Baked Alaska is from the region of Hong Kong.
Bakewell pudding can be served warm or cold.
Bandeja paisa is a dish from Colombian cuisine.
Chicharron is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa.
Bandeja paisa comes from the Paisa region.
The serving size of Barny Cakes is 30.0g.
Shumai is a variation of Batagor.
The main ingredients of Batagor are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce.
Shrimp is an ingredient in Batchoy.
Beef kway teow is found in Indonesia.
The alternative name of Bhajji is Bhaji bajji.
Taro is an ingredient in Binignit.
Cottage cheese is a variation of Bionico.
Bionico is from the Jalisco region.
Chicken is a bird.
The currency of India is the Indian rupee.
The leader of India is Sumitra Mahajan.
The language spoken in Indonesia is Indonesian.
The leader of Jalisco is Aristoteles Sandoval.
The Banyumasan people are an ethnic group in Java.
Malaysian Malay is an ethnic group in Malaysia.
Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of Mexico.
Spanish is spoken in New York.
Shumai comes from China.
Peanut sauce is an ingredient in Siomay.
Malays are an ethnic group in Sumatra.
David Cameron is the leader of the United Kingdom.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is a contributing property and was established in 2000.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield in Frederick, Maryland.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, also known as Turk Sehitleri Aniti, is dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku.
Akron, Ohio is in the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Albany, Oregon is part of Oregon, the capital of which is Salem.
The leader of Albuquerque, New Mexico is a member of the United States House of Representatives.
Amarillo, Texas is part of the United States.
The United States House of Representatives is the leader of Anaheim, California.
Anaheim, California is part of Orange County, California in the United States.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Adams Township, Madison County, United States.
The total area of Antioch, California is 75.324 square kilometres and its elevation above sea level is 13.0.
Arlington, Texas has an elevation of 184.0 above sea level and a total area of 258.2 square kilometres.
Arlington, Texas is part of the United States.
Atlanta is part of Georgia in the United States.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of Atlantic County, New Jersey in the United States.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is in the United States which has Washington D.C. as its capital.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of Atlantic County, New Jersey in the United States.
Atlantic City, New Jersey has a population density of 1421.2 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 44.125 square kilometres.
Auburn, Washington is part of Pierce County, Washington in the United States.
Albany, Oregon is part of the United States, the capital of which is Washington, D.C.
Amarillo, Texas is in the United States where the capital is Washington, D.C.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is in the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Albany, Georgia is part of the United States where Native Americans are an ethnic group.
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States. Auburn, Alabama is in the United States.
Akron, Ohio is in the United States where English is the language.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is in the United States where the President is the leader.
Tomato is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce, which comes from Italy.
Arem-arem comes from Indonesia where Jusuf Kalla is the leader.
Arrabbiata sauce comes from Italy where the Italian language is spoken.
Sergio Mattarella is the leader of Italy where Arrabbiata sauce comes from.
Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy and contains chili peppers.
Arros negre comes from the Valencian Community in Spain.
Asam pedas is a dish from Indonesia that contains fish cooked in sour and hot sauce.
Ayam penyet comes from Malaysia and Indonesia.
The club sandwich is a variation of the BLT and the bacon sandwich.
The main ingredients of the Bacon Explosion are bacon and sausage.
An alternative name for a bacon sandwich is a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm or bacon muffin. Bacon is an ingredient.
A variation of the bacon sandwich is the BLT. Bread is an ingredient of the bacon sandwich.
Sponge cake is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which comes from France.
Baked Alaska comes from France where Manuel Valls is the leader.
Meringue is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which comes from the United States.
Fruit preserves are an ingredient in Bakewell tart and Bakewell pudding.
Vermicelli is an ingredient in Bakso, which comes from Indonesia.
Celery is a member of the Apiaceae family and is an ingredient in Bakso.
Chicharron is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa, a dish from Colombian cuisine.
Barny cakes come from France where Claude Bartolone is the leader.
Peanut sauce is an ingredient in Batagor, which comes from Indonesia.
Peanut sauce is an ingredient in Batagor and Siomay.
Palm sugar is an ingredient of beef kway teow, which comes from Singapore.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore where Halimah Yacob is the leader.
The main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow, beef tenderloin, gula melaka, sliced dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil. Beef kway teow is found in Singapore and Indonesia.
Bhajji is a dish from India where the people are known as the Indian people.
Bhajji is a food found in India where T. S. Thakur is the leader.
Binignit is a dish from the Philippines where the Igorot people are an ethnic group.
Banana is one of the main ingredients of Binignit which comes from the Philippines.
Banana and sweet potato are the main ingredients of Binignit.
Bionico comes from Mexico where Enrique Pena Nieto is the leader.
Granola is an ingredient in Bionico, which comes from the Guadalajara region.
Cake is a variation of the dessert dish. Bionico is a dessert.
Joko Widodo is the leader of Indonesia where bakso comes from.
Shumai contains shiitake and is a variation of Batagor.
Aarhus Airport is operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A/S and has a runway length of 2777.0.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas. It is 610 metres above sea level.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas. The runway length is 3500.0.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh.
Al Asad Airbase is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq and has a runway length of 3090.0.
Al Asad Airbase is located in Iraq where the language spoken is Arabic.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which fought in the Invasion of Grenada.
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made of Poaceae, which is a Monocotyledon.
Alderney Airport has a runway length of 877.0 and has an asphalt surface.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan where the leader is Anwar Zaheer Jamali.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan and has a runway length of 2900.0.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is -3.3528 metres above sea level and has a 1st runway length of 3800 metres.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is -3.3528 metres above sea level and has an asphalt runway.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam and has a runway length of 2014.0.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam and has a runway length of 3300.0.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where Houston is the largest city.
Angola International Airport serves the city of Luanda and has a runway length of 3800.0.
Ardmore Airport in New Zealand has a runway length of 597.0 and a 3rd runway surface type of Poaceae.
Ashgabat International Airport is 211 metres above sea level and has a 1st runway length of 12467 feet.
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines which is headquartered in Turkmenistan.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States.
Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey and its runway name is 4/22.
Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey and has a runway length of 3048.0.
The Afonso Pena International Airport is operated by Infraero which is located in Brasilia.
1. FC Magdeburg has 27250 members and played in the 2014-15 Regionalliga season.
A.C. Chievo Verona has 39371 members and their ground is in Verona, Italy.
Rolando Maran was born in Italy and is the manager of A.C. Chievo Verona.
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez is the manager of A.D. Isidro Metapan and plays for FC Dallas.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and plays in the 2014-15 A EPSTH Greece season.
Stuart Parker is a footballer who plays for Blackburn Rovers and is the manager of AFC Blackpool.
Stuart Parker is a footballer who plays for Irlam Town F.C. and is the manager of A.F.C. Blackpool.
A.F.C. Fylde have 3180 members and their ground is in Lancashire.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 has 5300 members and their ground is in Gubbio.
A.S. Livorno Calcio play in Serie B and their ground is in Livorno.
The manager of A.S. Livorno Calcio is Christian Panucci who plays for A.S. Roma.
The manager of ACF Fiorentina is Paulo Sousa who plays for Juventus F.C.
The full name of ACF Fiorentina is ACF Fiorentina S.p.A. and they have 47290 members.
AEK Athens F.C. has 69618 members and their ground is in Greece.
AEK Athens F.C. play in the Superleague Greece and their ground is the Olympic Stadium in Athens.
Sportpark De Toekomst is the ground of AFC Ajax amateurs who are tenants of Jong Ajax.
AZAL PFK are located in Shuvalan, Baku, Azerbaijan and play at the AZAL Arena.
The Akron Summit Assault has 3000 members and played in the 2011 PDL season.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is in Gubbio, Umbria.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is in Italy where Pietro Grasso is the leader.
Luciano Spalletti is the manager of A.S. Roma and plays for Empoli F.C.
Eric Flint is the author of 1634: The Bavarian Crisis which was preceded by The Grantville Gazettes.
Virginia DeMarce is the author of 1634: The Ram Rebellion which is available as an e-book.
The abbreviation of AIP Advances is AIP Adv. and the EISSN number is 2158.
A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by J. V. Jones and is available in print.
A Fortress of Grey Ice has 672 pages and the ISBN number is 0-7653-0633-6.
A Glastonbury Romance was written by John Cowper Powys and followed by Weymouth Sands.
A Long Long Way is available in print and paperback and has the OCLC number 57392246.
A Long Long Way has 292 pages and the ISBN number is 0-670-03380-4.
Penguin Random House is the parent company of Viking Press which published A Long Long Way.
A Loyal Character Dancer was written by Qiu Xiaolong and is available in print.
The OCLC number of A Severed Wasp is 8805735 and the ISBN number is 0-374-26131-8.
A Severed Wasp is available in hardcover and has the OCLC number 8805735.
A Severed Wasp is written in the English language which is spoken in Great Britain.
A Severed Wasp was published in print and has the ISBN number 0-374-26131-8.
Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universitat Hamburg is published by Springer Science+Business Media, founded by Julius Springer.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has an ISBN number of 0-439-92550-9 and is a fantasy novel.
The OCLC number of Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is 78771100 and the ISBN number is 0-439-92550-9.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was followed by Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener's Bones which was written by Brandon Sanderson.
The abbreviation of the American Journal of Mathematics is Am. J. Math. and its academic discipline is mathematics.
Johns Hopkins University Press is the parent company of Johns Hopkins University and publishes the American Journal of Mathematics.
1634: The Ram Rebellion is from the United States where the capital is Washington D.C.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States, the capital of which is Washington D.C.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
A Wizard of Mars is from the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
A Wizard of Mars is from the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University has the nickname UAB and is located in the state of Alba.
Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum.
B.M. Reddy is the president of the Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore.
Acharya Institute of Technology was given the 'Technical Campus' status by the All India Council for Technical Education, which is located in Mumbai.
Kochi is the leader of Kerala where AWH Engineering College is located.
April O'Neil was created by Peter Laird who is from the United States.
Bananaman was broadcasted by the BBC and starred Jill Shilling.
Graeme Garden starred in Bananaman which was broadcasted by STV.
Tim Brooke-Taylor was born in Derbyshire and starred in Bananaman.
Alan Tudyk starred in the film Big Hero 6 where Baymax made his first appearance.
Scott Adsit starred in the film Big Hero 6 where Baymax first appeared.
Baymax was created by Steven T. Seagle and appears in the film Big Hero 6.
Roger McKenzie is the creator of Ben Urich, whose full name is Benjamin Urich.
Bibbo Bibbowski was created by Marv Wolfman and Jerry Ordway.
Bibbo Bibbowski's full name is Bo Bibbowski and he was created by Marv Wolfman.
Alan Bean was born on March 15, 1932 and is retired.
Alan Shepard was a test pilot and is now deceased.
Buzz Aldrin was born on January 20, 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey which is part of Essex County, New Jersey.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and was a crew member of Apollo 8.
William Anders graduated from the AFIT with a M.S. in 1962 and is now retired.
108 St Georges Terrace was completed in 1988 and has 50 floors.
200 Public Square has 45 floors and is located in the United States.
20 Fenchurch Street has 34 floors and a floor area of 62145.3 square metres.
300 North LaSalle has 60 floors and is located in Chicago.
The architect of the 320 South Boston Building is George Winkler who is from the United States.
3Arena is located at the East Link Bridge and was designed by HOK SVE.
Populous is the architect of 3Arena which is located in Dublin.
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen which is located in Copenhagen.
Adare Manor was designed by George Richard Pain and completed in 1862.
Adare Manor is located in Adare, County Limerick.
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka and has a Tudor Revival architectural style.
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka and its architectural style is Tudor Revival.
Brazilians are an ethnic group in Japan where the Akita Museum of Art is located.
The Akita Museum of Art is located at 1-4-2 Nakadori and has 3 floors.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat and has the address of Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus near CEPT University opp. Gujarat University University Road.
Austin Fernando is the leader of Eastern Province, Sri Lanka where Ampara Hospital is located.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City, United States.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City which is part of Brooklyn.
Adare Manor is located in County Limerick which is part of Munster.
3Arena is located in Dublin which is part of the Republic of Ireland.
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas and is a United States national. He is retired.
Joe Biden is the leader of the United States where Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey.
Buzz Aldrin was born in the United States and graduated from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology with a Sc.D. in 1963. He was selected by NASA in 1963.
Elliot See was born in Dallas, United States and attended the University of Texas at Austin.
Elliot See graduated from the University of Texas at Austin and was selected by NASA in 1962. He died in St. Louis.
Francis G. Slay is the leader of St. Louis where Elliot See studied at the University of Texas at Austin. Elliot See died in St. Louis.
Elliot See died on February 28, 1966 in St. Louis, which is part of the Kingdom of France.
Alan Shepard, who was born in New Hampshire, spent 13017 minutes in space. The purple finch is the bird of New Hampshire.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis has 448 pages and was written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint. It is available in print.
1634: The Ram Rebellion is written in the English language which is spoken in Great Britain. It is preceded by 1634: The Galileo Affair.
The ACM Transactions on Information Systems is published by the Association for Computing Machinery, whose leader is Alexander L. Wolf and whose headquarters are in New York City.
The AIDS journal has an ISSN number of 0269-9370 and deals with the academic discipline of HIV/AIDS.
The AIDS journal has an ISSN number of 1473-5571 and deals with the academic discipline of HIV/AIDS.
The editor of AIP Advances is A.T. Charlie Johnson who lives in the United States and attended Stanford University.
A Fortress of Grey Ice, written by J. V. Jones, has the ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6 and the OCLC number 51969173.
A Loyal Character Dancer was written by Qiu Xiaolong and has the ISBN number 1-56947-301-3 and the OCLC number 49805501.
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States and is written in English which is spoken in Great Britain.
A Severed Wasp has 388 pages and is available in hardcover. Its OCLC number is 8805735.
Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universitat Hamburg (Abh. Math. Semin. Univ. Hambg.) has the ISSN number 1865-8784 and the LCCN number 32024459.
Aenir is followed by Above the Veil and is written in English. Above the Veil is from Australia.
Garth Nix is the author of Aenir which is followed by Above the Veil.
Above the Veil, written by Garth Nix, has 248 pages and is available in hardcover.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica has the ISSN number 0567-7920, the LCCN number 60040714 and the abbreviation Acta Palaeontol. Pol.
The Addiction journal has the abbreviation Addiction and the ISSN number 1360-0443. It is in the academic discipline of Addiction.
The Addiction journal is published by Wiley-Blackwell, the parent company of John Wiley & Sons. The journal's ISSN number is 0965-2140.
Administrative Science Quarterly is published by Cornell University in New York. Cornell University is affiliated with the Association of American Universities.
Garth Nix is the author of Aenir which is written in English and followed by Above the Veil.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in the English language which is spoken in Great Britain and is from the United States.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is a hardcover book with 320 pages and the OCLC number is 78771100.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians comes from the United States where the English language is spoken. English is also spoken in Great Britain.
John Cowper Powys was born in Shirley, Derbyshire and died in Blaenau Ffestiniog. He wrote A Glastonbury Romance.
Administrative Science Quarterly is published by SAGE Publications, founded by Sara Miller McCune. The ISSN number is 0001-8392.
Washington D.C. is the capital of the United States where the Native Americans are an ethnic group. A Severed Wasp is from the United States.
A Wizard of Mars is written in the English language and is from the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
A Wizard of Mars is from the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. and where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Barack Obama is the leader of the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group. A Wizard of Mars is from the United States.
1634: The Ram Rebellion is from the United States where the leader is the President and African Americans are an ethnic group.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where the President is the leader and Native Americans are an ethnic group.
Jens Hartel is the manager of 1. FC Magdeburg and plays for 1. FC Lokomotive Leipzig. He also plays for SV Germania Schoneiche.
The manager of A.C. Cesena is Massimo Drago who plays for A.S.D. S.S. Nola 1925 and A.S.D. Licata 1931.
The full name of A.C. Lumezzane is Associazione Calcio Lumezzane SpA and they are in the Lega Pro/A league. They have 4150 members.
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez is a member of the El Salvador national football team and plays for Alianza FC. He is the manager of A.D. Isidro Metapan.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and the chairman is Antonis Milionis. The ground of the club is in Efxeinoupoli.
The full name of A.F.C. Blackpool is Association Football Club Blackpool. They have 1500 members and their ground is in Blackpool.
Stuart Parker is a footballer who plays for Runcorn F.C. Halton and is the manager of A.F.C. Blackpool.
Dave Challinor is the manager of A.F.C. Fylde and played for Stockport County F.C. and Colwyn Bay F.C.
The full name of A.S. Livorno Calcio is Livorno Calcio S.p.A. and they have 19238 members. Their ground is in Livorno, Italy.
Christian Panucci is the manager of A.S. Livorno Calcio who play in Serie B which was won by Carpi F.C. 1909.
A.S. Livorno Calcio's manager is Christian Panucci who plays for Chelsea F.C. and Real Madrid C.F.
AEK Athens F.C.'s ground is in Greece and they play in the Superleague Greece where Olympiacos F.C. are the champions.
Gus Poyet is the manager of AEK Athens F.C. and played for Real Zaragoza and Chelsea F.C.
Eberhard van der Laan is the leader of Amsterdam-Centrum which is the part of Amsterdam where AFC Ajax amateurs ground is located.
Eberhard van der Laan is the leader of Amsterdam-Noord which is part of Amsterdam where AFC Ajax amateurs play.
John van den Brom is the manager of AZ Alkmaar and plays for Jong Ajax and Istanbulspor A.S.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C which is played in Brazil. Their ground is Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca.
Luciano Spalletti is the manager of A.S. Roma and plays for Udinese Calcio and Empoli F.C.
Massimo Drago plays for A.S.D. Licata 1931 and was the manager of A.C. Cesena. He also plays for S.S. Chieti Calcio.
Massimo Drago plays for U.S. Castrovillari Calcio and A.S.D. S.S. Nola 1925. He is also the manager of A.C. Cesena.
Massimo Drago plays for U.S. Castrovillari Calcio and S.S. Chieti Calcio. He is also the manager of A.C. Cesena.
103 Colmore Row was designed by John Madin who was born in Birmingham.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio. The leader of Cleveland is Frank G. Jackson.
250 Delaware Avenue has a floor area of 30843.8 square metres and 12 floors. It is located in the United States.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago which is led by Rahm Emanuel and is part of DuPage County, Illinois.
The architect of 320 South Boston Building is George Winkler who is from the United States. The building has 22 floors.
3Arena is located at North Wall Quay and was completed in December 2008. It was designed by HOK SVE.
The AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is located in Denmark and is tenanted by Marriott International. It has 23 floors.
3XN is the architect of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen which has 23 floors and is tenanted by Marriott International.
Augustus Pugin was born in Bloomsbury and designed the Palace of Westminster. He also designed Adare Manor.
Philip Charles Hardwick was the architect of Adare Manor which was completed in 1862 and is owned by J. P. McManus.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale and was completed in 1931. Its architectural style is Tudor and Jacobean.
Adisham Hall in Sri Lanka was completed in 1931 and has a Tudor and Jacobean architectural style.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka. The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe.
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka, the capital of which is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte. The currency of Sri Lanka is the Sri Lankan rupee.
The Mason School of Business is located in Alan B. Miller Hall, which started construction on 30 March 2007 and is located in the United States.
Julia Morgan was born in San Francisco and is the architect of the Asilomar Conference Grounds and the Riverside Art Museum.
Julia Morgan was born in California and is the architect of the Asilomar Conference Grounds and Chinatown, San Francisco.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds are located at Asilomar Blvd, Pacific Grove, California. They were added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 27, 1987 and have the reference number 87000823.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located at Avenue A, Manhattan and were constructed in 1904. They were added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 23, 1980.
The Asser Levy Public Baths in New York City were constructed in 1904 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 23, 1980.
103 Colmore Row was designed by John Madin who was born in Birmingham and is a member of the Conservative Party UK.
103 Colmore Row was designed by John Madin who was born in Birmingham and is a member of the Liberal Democrats.
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia where the leader is Hailemariam Desalegn.
The leader of Gujarat is Anandiben Patel. Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat.
Bill Marriott is a key person at Marriott International which is located in Bethesda, Maryland. AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is a tenant of Marriott International.
Albany, Georgia is part of Dougherty County, Georgia. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Albuquerque, New Mexico has a population density of 1142.3 inhabitants per square kilometre. The New Mexico Senate is the leader of Albuquerque. The total area of Albuquerque is 490.9 square kilometres.
Alpharetta, Georgia is part of Fulton County, Georgia in the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Alpharetta, Georgia is part of the U.S. state of Georgia. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Alpharetta, Georgia is part of the United States which has Washington D.C. as its capital. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Anaheim, California has an area of 131.6 square kilometres and a UTC offset of -7. The area code is 657 or 714.
The California State Senate is located at the California State Capitol in Anaheim, California.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Lafayette Township, Madison County, Indiana in the United States.
Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States. Angola, Indiana is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, Indiana.
Antioch, California is part of Contra Costa County, California which is part of the San Francisco Bay Area. The leader of Antioch is the United States House of Representatives.
Arlington, Texas is part of Tarrant County, Texas which is the county seat of Fort Worth, Texas in the United States.
Washington D.C. is the capital of the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group. Atlanta is located in the United States.
Atlanta has an area of 347.1 square kilometres and a population density of 1299 inhabitants per square kilometre. Its area code is 404.
Atlantic City is part of New Jersey in the United States. Newark is the largest city in New Jersey.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of Atlantic County, New Jersey in the United States. New York City is the largest city in the United States.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Alabama in the United States.
Auburn, Washington is part of Washington state, which is part of the United States. The capital of the United States is Washington, D.C.
Auburn, Washington is part of Washington state, the capital of which is Olympia. Washington state is part of the United States.
Albany is part of Dougherty County, Georgia, which is part of the U.S. state of Georgia. The capital of Georgia is Atlanta.
Alexandria, Indiana is part of Madison County, Indiana in the United States. The largest city in Madison County is Anderson, Indiana.
Atlantic City is part of New Jersey, the capital of which is Trenton. New Jersey is part of the United States.
Houston is the largest city in Texas where English is the language. Arlington is part of Texas.
Attica, Indiana is part of Fountain County, Indiana in the United States where the capital is Washington, D.C.
Attica, Indiana is part of Fountain County, Indiana which is part of the United States. The capital of the United States is Washington, D.C.
Washington D.C. is the capital of the United States where the English language is spoken. Akron, Ohio is also located in the United States.
Akron, Ohio is part of Summit County, Ohio in the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States. Albany, Oregon is part of Benton County, Oregon.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is in the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where English is the language. Albany, Georgia is in the United States.
Angola, Indiana is part of the United States where English is the language and where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Aarhus Airport, operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A/S, has a runway length of 2776.0 and the runway name is 10R/28L.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the cities of Lake Placid and Saranac Lake, New York. The airport has a runway length of 2003.0.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Paracuellos de Jarama, which is part of the Community of Madrid, Spain.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh and is operated by the Indian Air Force. Its ICAO location identifier is VIAG.
Al Asad Airbase, operated by the United States Air Force, is located in Iraq and has a runway length of 3992.88.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which flies the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle. The USAF was involved in the 1986 United States bombing of Libya.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, who fought in the Invasion of Grenada. They use the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle as a fighter.
Alderney Airport serves the city of Alderney and has a runway length of 877.0. The 1st runway surface type is Poaceae.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan and is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority who are headquartered at Jinnah International Airport.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan. The runway name is 18L/36R and the runway length is 2900.0.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan, United States. It is 210 metres above sea level.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas and has a runway length of 1773.0 and an elevation of 973.0 above sea level.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas and has an elevation of 973 metres above sea level. The runway length is 896.0.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, the capital of which is Austin. The language spoken in Texas is English.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas in the United States where the demonym is Tejano.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium where the German language is spoken.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. Egg Harbor Township is part of Atlantic County, New Jersey.
Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey which is headquartered at Four World Trade Center in New Jersey.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States and has a runway length of 3048.0.
Allama Iqbal International Airport serves the city of Lahore in Pakistan where the leader is Anwar Zaheer Jamali.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, which is part of the Community of Madrid. The leader party of Madrid is Ahora Madrid.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Spain, where the leader party is Ahora Madrid.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes, Spain. The leader party of San Sebastián de los Reyes is the People's Party (Spain).
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania which has Carroll County, Maryland to its southeast.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania, southeast of Carroll County, Maryland. The monument is located in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, also known as Turk Sehitleri Aniti, is located in Baku, the capital of Azerbaijan.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan, where Artur Rasizade is the leader and the National Assembly is the legislature.
The Ataturk Monument in Izmir is located in Turkey, the capital of which is Ankara. The leader of Turkey is Ahmet Davutoglu.
Guanciale is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce, which comes from the Lazio region of Italy.
Arem-arem is a dish from the Javanese cuisine. The main ingredients are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
Arrabbiata sauce contains tomato which is a member of the Solanaceae family and belongs to the flowering plant division.
Olive oil is an ingredient of Arrabbiata sauce, which comes from Rome, Italy.
Tomato is an ingredient of Arrabbiata sauce which comes from the region of Rome in Italy.
Asam pedas is a dish from the Malay Peninsula in Malaysia. The main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce.
Asam pedas is a dish from Malaysia, the capital of which is Kuala Lumpur. The leader of Malaysia is Arifin Zakaria.
Ayam penyet comes from Indonesia and Malaysia where the Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group.
Lettuce is an ingredient in a BLT, which is a variation of the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and White Americans are an ethnic group.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where John Roberts is the leader and the capital is Washington D.C.
A BLT is a variation of the bacon sandwich which includes bread. The club sandwich is also a variation of the bacon sandwich.
Sponge cake is an ingredient in Baked Alaska, which comes from the New York region of France.
Baked Alaska comes from France where Manuel Valls is the leader and the currency is the Euro.
Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which comes from the New York region of the United States.
Sponge cake is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which is a dessert. Cookies are also a dessert.
Bakewell pudding is a dessert from the Derbyshire Dales region. The main ingredients are ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs.
Bakewell tart and Bakewell pudding are variations of the same dish. The main ingredients of Bakewell pudding are ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs. Bakewell pudding comes from the Derbyshire Dales region.
Beef is an ingredient in Bakso which comes from Indonesia.
Bandeja paisa is a dish from the Paisa region of Colombia and contains avocado.
Hogao is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa, which comes from the Paisa region of Colombia.
Barny cakes come from France where the leaders are Claude Bartolone and Manuel Valls.
The main ingredients of Batchoy are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
The main ingredients of Batchoy are noodles, pork, organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
Beef kway teow is found nationwide in Singapore and Indonesia. The leader of Singapore is Tony Tan.
Sesame oil is an ingredient of beef kway teow which is found in Indonesia and Singapore.
Oyster sauce is an ingredient of beef kway teow which is found in Singapore and Indonesia.
Bhajji comes from India where the currency is the Indian rupee and the leader is Sumitra Mahajan.
Banana is an ingredient in Binignit, which is a dessert. Cookies are also a dessert.
Sago is an ingredient in Binignit, which is a dessert. Cookies are also a dessert.
Taro is an ingredient in Binignit which is a dessert. Cookies are also a dessert.
Banana and sweet potato are the main ingredients of Binignit. Sweet potato belongs to the order Solanales.
Granola is an ingredient in Bionico, a dessert from Mexico.
Raisins are an ingredient in Bionico, which comes from the Guadalajara region of Mexico.
Bionico comes from Mexico where Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader and the currency is the Mexican peso.
Amatriciana sauce comes from Italy where the capital is Rome and the leader is Pietro Grasso.
Arabic is spoken in the Philippines where the Igorot people are an ethnic group. Batchoy is a dish from the Philippines.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore where English is spoken and Tony Tan is the leader.
Tomato is a member of the Solanaceae family and is found in the order Solanales. It is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce.
AWH Engineering College is located in Kerala, India and has 250 academic staff.
Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. It has 700 postgraduate students.
AWH Engineering College is located in the state of Kerala, India, which has Mahe to the northwest. The leader of Kerala is Kochi.
1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania, where the anthem is Desteapta-te romane! and the Germans of Romania are an ethnic group.
1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania where the leader is Klaus Iohannis and the ethnic group is Germans of Romania.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the European University Association which is headquartered in Brussels.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and is located in Aarhus, Denmark.
Albert Uderzo and Rene Goscinny are the creators of the Asterix comics character. Rene Goscinny is French.
Tim Brooke-Taylor starred in Bananaman which was broadcast by the BBC and last aired on 15th April 1986.
Scott Adsit starred in the film Big Hero 6 which was distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures. Baymax first appeared in Big Hero 6.
Scott Adsit starred in the film Big Hero 6 which was distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures. Baymax is part of the Big Hero 6 film series.
Ryan Potter starred in the film Big Hero 6 which was distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures. Baymax is part of the Big Hero 6 film series.
Mark Desmond, also known as Blockbuster, was created by Carmine Infantino and Gardner Fox.
Bolt (Larry Bolatinsky) was created by Dan Mishkin and Gary Cohn.
Bolt, also known as Larry Bolatinsky, was created by Ernie Colon and Gary Cohn.
103 Colmore Row in Birmingham was completed in 1976 and started construction in 1973. It has 23 floors.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa where the capital is Cape Town and the ethnic groups are Asian South Africans and Coloured.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States. Cleveland City Council is the governing body.
250 Delaware Avenue, located in Buffalo, New York, cost 110 million dollars and has a floor area of 30843.8 square metres and 12 floors.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, Cook County, Illinois, United States. The leader of Chicago is Rahm Emanuel.
300 North LaSalle is located in Illinois and was completed in 2009. It has 60 floors and a floor area of 1,207,700 square metres.
Live Nation Entertainment is the owner of 3Arena which is located in Dublin, Leinster, Republic of Ireland.
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen which was designed by 3XN and has 23 floors. It is located in Copenhagen.
Adare Manor is located in Adare, County Limerick which is part of Munster and is governed by Limerick City and County Council.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan. Brazilians are an ethnic group in Japan.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan. Filipinos are an ethnic group in Japan.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan where the Vietnamese people are an ethnic group.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan. Brazilians are an ethnic group in Japan.
Alan B. Miller Hall is located at 101 Ukrop Way, Williamsburg, Virginia. It was completed on 1 June 2009 and is owned by the College of William & Mary.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India where the leaders are Sumitra Mahajan and Narendra Modi.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds, located in Pacific Grove, California, were added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 27, 1987. They were constructed in 1913.
The Asser Levy Public Baths were constructed in 1904 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 23, 1980 with the reference number 80002709. They are located at Avenue A in Manhattan.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City, which is part of Manhattan and Brooklyn. The leader of Manhattan is Cyrus Vance Jr.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City, United States. Gale Brewer is the leader of Manhattan.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin who was born in Birmingham. The postal code for Birmingham is B postcode area. The leader of Birmingham is Andrew Mitchell.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin who was born in Birmingham. The postal code for Birmingham is B postcode area. The leader of Birmingham is the Labour Party UK.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India, where the leader is Sumitra Mahajan and the leader of Gujarat is Anandiben Patel.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India. The leader of India is T. S. Thakur and Narendra Modi.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan. Brazilians are an ethnic group in Japan.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom, the capital of which is London. The leader of the United Kingdom is Elizabeth II and the leader of London is the Parliament of the United Kingdom.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States where the leader is Joe Biden and the language is English.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument, established in 2000, is a contributing property in the state of Pennsylvania, United States.
Baku is the capital of Azerbaijan, where Artur Rasizade is the leader and the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan. The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan, the capital of which is Baku. The memorial is dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku and has the native name of Turk Sehitleri Aniti.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established on 1907-07-11 and is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield in Frederick County, Maryland. The nearest city to Monocacy National Battlefield is Frederick, Maryland.
Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey where the capital is Ankara. The Ataturk Monument in Izmir is made of bronze.
The Ataturk Monument in Izmir was designed by Pietro Canonica and inaugurated on 27th July 1932. The leader of Turkey is called the President.
Albany, Georgia is part of the U.S. state of Georgia. English is the language spoken in the U.S. The Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.
Albuquerque, New Mexico has a total area of 490.9 square kilometres and a population density of 1142.3 inhabitants per square kilometre. The area code is 505 and 575 and the area of land is 486.2 square kilometres.
Alpharetta, Georgia is part of Fulton County, Georgia. The county seat of Fulton County is Atlanta. Alpharetta is part of the state of Georgia in the United States.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County, Texas in the United States. The capital of the United States is Washington, D.C. and African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County, Texas, which is part of the state of Texas in the United States. The capital of Texas is Austin.
Anaheim, California is part of California where the California State Assembly is located at the California State Capitol. The leader of the California State Assembly has the title of California State Assembly. The language spoken in California is Spanish.
Anderson, Indiana has a population density of 523.9 inhabitants per square kilometre. It has a total area of 107.43 square kilometres and an elevation of 268.0 above sea level. It is part of Adams, Fall Creek, Lafayette, Richland and Union.
Angola, Indiana is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, Indiana in the United States. It has a total area of 16.55 square kilometres.
Antioch, California has a population of 102372 and an area of 75.324 square kilometres. The UTC offset is -7 and the area code is 925.
Atlantic City, New Jersey has a population density of 1421.2 inhabitants per square kilometre. It has an area of 44.125 square kilometres and an area code of 609. The mayor of Atlantic City is the leader.
Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States. Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Alabama which is in the state of Alabama.
African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States. Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Alabama which is in the state of Alabama.
Auburn, Washington is part of King County and Pierce County, both in the U.S. state of Washington. The capital of the U.S. is Washington, D.C.
Auburn, Washington is part of King County, Washington and is located in the United States. The capital of the United States is Washington, D.C.
Austin, Texas is part of Hays County, Texas which has San Marcos as its county seat. Houston is the largest city in Texas.
The California State Assembly is located at the California State Capitol in Anaheim, California. Chinese is one of the languages spoken in California.
Alpharetta, Georgia is part of Fulton County, Georgia. The county seat of Fulton County is Atlanta. Alpharetta is part of the state of Georgia in the United States.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Lafayette Township, Madison County, Indiana in the United States. The capital of Indiana is Indianapolis.
Houston is the largest city in Texas which is part of the United States. English is the language spoken in Texas. Arlington, Texas.
Washington D.C. is the capital of the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. Albany, Oregon is part of Benton County, Oregon.
Washington D.C. is the capital of the United States where New York City is the largest city. New Jersey is part of the United States where Atlantic City is located.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is in the United States where the leader is the President and Barack Obama is one of the leaders. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
John Sanchez is the leader of the New Mexico Senate in Albuquerque, New Mexico in the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Albany, Oregon is part of Benton County, Oregon in the United States. The capital of the United States is Washington, D.C. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Barack Obama is the leader of the United States where Native Americans are an ethnic group. Albuquerque, New Mexico is led by a mayor and is part of the United States.
Albany, Georgia is part of the United States where English is the language and Native Americans are an ethnic group.
Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where English is the language. Angola, Indiana is part of the United States.
Angola, Indiana is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, Indiana in the United States where English is the language. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Jens Hartel is the manager of 1. FC Magdeburg and plays for SV Babelsberg 03, 1. FC Union Berlin and FSV Zwickau.
Rolando Maran was born in Italy and is the manager of A.C. Chievo Verona. He also plays for Carrarese Calcio and F.C. Bari 1908.
Michele Marcolini was born in Italy and is the manager of A.C. Lumezzane. He also plays for Torino F.C. and A.C. Chievo Verona.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and the chairman is Antonis Milionis. The ground is in Efxeinoupoli and the team is in the A EPSTH 2nd GROUP league.
Stuart Parker is a footballer who plays for Stockport County F.C. and is the manager of AFC Blackpool. The club's ground is in Blackpool and the Conservative Party is the leader of the town.
Stuart Parker is a footballer who plays for Stockport County F.C. He is the manager of AFC Blackpool who play at the Blackpool ground. The leader of Blackpool is Gordon Marsden.
A.F.C. Fylde's full name is Association Football Club Fylde and they have 3180 members. Their ground is Warton, Fylde, Lancashire and they played in the 2014 season.
The full name of AFC Fylde is Association Football Club Fylde. They have 3180 members and their ground is Bryning Lane. They played in the 2014 season.
Paulo Sousa is the manager of ACF Fiorentina and played for Juventus F.C., Maccabi Tel Aviv F.C. and Inter Milan.
AEK Athens F.C. has 69618 members and plays in the Superleague Greece. Their ground is in Greece and they played in the 2014 season.
AFC Ajax amateurs ground is Sportpark De Toekomst which is operated by AFC Ajax and owned by AFC Ajax N.V. The tenant of Sportpark De Toekomst is Jong Ajax.
The full name of AFC Ajax amateurs is Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax Amateurs. They have 5000 members and their nickname is Joden Godenzonen. They played in the 2014 season.
John van den Brom is a member of the Vitesse Arnhem, AFC Ajax and the Netherlands national football team. He is also the manager of AZ Alkmaar.
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C league and their ground is the Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca which is located in Alagoas. Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions of the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C.
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C which is played in Brazil. Their ground is the Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca which is located in Alagoas.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C in Brazil. Their ground is the Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Arapiraca.
Akron Summit Assault is grounded at St. Vincent-St. Mary High School in Akron, Ohio, United States. Akron is part of Summit County, Ohio.
Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella are the leaders of Italy. The capital of Italy is Rome and the ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is in Italy.
Peter Stoger played for SK Vorwarts Steyr, FC Admira Wacker Modling and FK Austria Wien. He was also the manager of 1. FC Koln.
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene, Texas. It has a runway length of 2194.0 and is 546 metres above sea level. The runway name is 17L/35R.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the cities of Lake Placid and Saranac Lake, New York. The airport is 507 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2003.0.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas. It is operated by ENAIRE and has a runway named 18L/36R with a length of 3500.0.
Agra Airport is located in India and is operated by the Indian Air Force. Its IATA location identifier is AGR and its ICAO location identifier is VIAG.
Al Asad Airbase is located in Iraq and is operated by the United States Air Force. The runway length is 3990.0 and the runway name is 08/26.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force and is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq. The runway length is 3990.0 and the runway name is 09R/27L.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which fought in the Invasion of Grenada. The United States Air Force uses the Lockheed AC-130 and the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle as attack aircraft.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan and serves the city of Lahore. It is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority and has a runway length of 2900.0.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 3.3528 metres above sea level and is located in Amsterdam. The runway name is 09/27 'Buitenveldertbaan' and the runway length is 2014.0.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 3.3528 metres above sea level. It serves the city of Amsterdam and has a runway named 18L/36R 'Aalsmeerbaan' with a length of 2014.0.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas and serves the city of Andrews. The airport has a runway length of 929.0 and is 973.0 metres above sea level.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, the capital of which is Austin. The people of Texas are known as Tejano.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. The capital of Texas is Austin and the language spoken there is English.
Angola International Airport is located in Icolo e Bengo, Luanda Province, Angola.
Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish Government and owned by the Flemish Region. It is 12 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600.
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines which is headquartered in Ashgabat, Turkmenistan. Turkmenbashi International Airport is the hub airport for Turkmenistan Airlines.
Athens International Airport is located in Spata and is 94 metres above sea level. It has a runway length of 3800.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. Don Guardian is the leader of Atlantic City.
Stephen Dilts is the leader of the South Jersey Transportation Authority which owns Atlantic City International Airport in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States.
Charles Michel is the leader of Belgium, where the German language is spoken. Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium, where the French language is spoken. The leader of Belgium is Philippe of Belgium.
The Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake, New York, which is part of Harrietstown, New York, in the United States.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq where the language spoken is Kurdish. The leader of Iraq is Fuad Masum.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq. The leader of Iraq is Haider al-Abadi and the language spoken there is Kurdish.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan. Malik Muhammad Rafique Rajwana is the leader of Punjab.
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made of Poaceae which is part of the order Commelinids and the class Monocotyledon.
Rona Fairhead is a key person at the BBC, which is located in Broadcasting House in the city of London. The BBC broadcasts BBC Radio and Bananaman.
Bananaman, starring Jill Shilling, was created by Steve Bright and first aired on 1983-10-03. It was broadcasted by STV.
Duncan Rouleau, an American, is the creator of Baymax who stars in the film Big Hero 6. Ryan Potter also stars in the film.
Larry Bolatinsky, also known as Bolt, was created by Gary Cohn and Ernie Colon, both of Puerto Rican nationality.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis was written by Eric Flint who was born in Burbank, California. It was preceded by Grantville Gazette III and DeMarce short stories in the The Grantville Gazettes.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint, Virginia DeMarce and others. It has 512 pages and is available as an E-book. The ISBN number is 1-4165-2060-0.
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom where the AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, a subsidiary of Wolters Kluwer.
A Fortress of Grey Ice, written by J. V. Jones, is available in hardcover and has the ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6 and the OCLC number 51969173.
A Loyal Character Dancer was written by Qiu Xiaolong and published in hardcover with the ISBN number 1-56947-301-3 and the OCLC number 49805501.
A Loyal Character Dancer is written in the English language which is spoken in Great Britain. It was published in the United States where there is an ethnic group called Native Americans.
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States where English is the language and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
A Wizard of Mars, written by Diane Duane, is available in hardcover and has 560 pages. The ISBN number is 978-0-15-204770-2.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica has the ISSN number 0236-5294, the LCCN number 83646315 and the abbreviation Acta Math. Hungar. It is in the academic discipline of mathematics.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica is abbreviated as Acta Palaeontol. Pol. and has the ISSN number 0567-7920. The academic discipline is Paleobiology and the LCCN number is 60040714.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica is published by the Polish Academy of Sciences and has the ISSN number 1732-2421, the LCCN number 60040714 and the abbreviation Acta Palaeontol. Pol.
Administrative Science Quarterly is published by Cornell University which is located in New York and is affiliated with the Association of American Universities and the Association of Public and Land-grant Universities.
Administrative Science Quarterly is published by Cornell University in Ithaca, New York. Cornell University is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land-grant Universities and is located in the state of New York.
Aenir, written by Garth Nix, has 233 pages and is available in paperback. Its ISBN number is 0-439-17684-0.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in the English language which is spoken in Great Britain. The book is from the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
The American Journal of Mathematics was first published in 1878 and is published by Johns Hopkins University Press, which is based in the United States. Johns Hopkins University Press is the parent company of Johns Hopkins University.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States where English is spoken and where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Barack Obama is the leader of the United States, where A Wizard of Mars is written in English, which is spoken in Great Britain.
A Wizard of Mars is written in the English language and is from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
A Wizard of Mars is from the United States, where English is spoken and Barack Obama is the leader. English is also spoken in Great Britain.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where the leader is Barack Obama, the ethnic group is Asian Americans and the language is English.
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas and was selected by NASA in 1963. He spent 100305.0 minutes in space.
Alan Shepard was a crew member of Apollo 14 which was operated by NASA. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and was a crew member of Apollo 8. Frank Borman was also a crew member of Apollo 8. Chris Patten was a representative of British Hong Kong.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and graduated from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology with a Sc.D. in 1963. He was a crew member of Apollo 11 and is now retired.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He was selected by NASA in 1963 and was a crew member of Apollo 11. He was a fighter pilot.
Buzz Aldrin, born Edwin Eugene Aldrin Jr, was a crew member of Apollo 11 which was operated by NASA. He has won 20 awards.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy and the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
The Distinguished Service Medal United States Navy is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal. Alan Shepard died in California where Dianne Feinstein is a senator. Alan Shepard was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal United States Navy.
Elliot See was born in Dallas, United States and attended the University of Texas at Austin. He died in St. Louis.
William Anders was a fighter pilot and was selected by NASA in 1963. He was a crew member of Apollo 8 which was operated by NASA.
AWH Engineering College was established in 2001 in Kuttikkattoor, India. One of the rivers in India is the Ganges.
Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090, India. It is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, India and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. The director of the institute is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar.
Acharya Institute of Technology was given the 'Technical Campus' status by the All India Council for Technical Education, which is located in Mumbai. Tennis is a sport governed by the International Tennis Federation.
1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Alba County, Romania. The capital of Romania is Bucharest.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus, Denmark. The leader of Denmark is Lars Lokke Rasmussen and the government type of Aarhus is Magistrate.
AWH Engineering College is located in Kuttikkattoor, Kerala and has 250 academic staff. The leader of Kerala is Kochi.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania, the capital of which is Bucharest. Germans are an ethnic group in Romania. The anthem of Romania is Desteapta-te romane!.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Romania. The capital of Romania is Bucharest and the leader of the country is Klaus Iohannis.
Tomatoes, guanciale, cheese and olive oil are the main ingredients of Amatriciana sauce, which comes from the Lazio region of Italy.
Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella are the leaders of Italy where Arrabbiata sauce comes from. The capital of Italy is Rome.
Cuttlefish is an ingredient of Arros negre, which comes from the region of Catalonia in Spain. White rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers are the main ingredients of Arros negre.
Arros negre is a dish from the region of Catalonia in Spain. The main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers.
Arros negre comes from the region of Catalonia in Spain where the Spaniards are an ethnic group.
Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra, where the Batak are an ethnic group. It is also found in Malaysia, where the Malaysian Malay are an ethnic group.
Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra, Malaysia, where the Minangkabau people are an ethnic group and the Malays are also an ethnic group.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, where Barack Obama is the leader and Washington D.C. is the capital. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where John Roberts is the leader and the capital is Washington D.C. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Ketchup is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is found in the United Kingdom. A variation of the bacon sandwich is the BLT which is also found in the United Kingdom. A variation of the BLT is the club sandwich.
The bacon sandwich, also known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm or bacon muffin, is made with bread and bacon with a condiment such as ketchup or brown sauce.
Baked Alaska is a dessert and comes from the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group. Cookies are also a dessert.
The main ingredients of Baked Alaska are meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding. Baked Alaska originates from the United States but can also be found in Paris, New York or Hong Kong.
Baked Alaska is found in Hong Kong, France, the United States and China. The main ingredients are meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding.
Baked Alaska is a dish from the United States that contains ice cream, meringue, sponge cake or Christmas pudding. It is also found in Hong Kong.
Bakewell pudding and Bakewell tart are variations of the same dish. Fruit preserves are an ingredient of Bakewell tart. Bakewell pudding comes from the Derbyshire Dales region of Derbyshire.
The main ingredients of Bakso are ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables and fried shallots. Bakso is found nationwide in Indonesia and is also popular in neighboring Southeast Asian countries.
The main ingredients of Bakso are ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables and fried shallots. Bakso comes from Indonesia.
Bandeja paisa is a dish from the Paisa region of Colombia. The main ingredients are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain, patacones, chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding, morcilla, avocado and lemon.
Bandeja paisa is a dish from the Paisa region of Colombia. The main ingredients are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain, patacones, chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding, morcilla, avocado and lemon.
Francois Hollande and Gerard Larcher are leaders of France, where the language is French and Barny Cakes come from.
Batagor is a dish from Indonesia. It is a variation of Siomay which is a variation of Shumai. Shumai contains the ingredient Shiitake.
Batchoy is a dish from La Paz, Iloilo City, Philippines. It is made with noodles, pork, organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
Batchoy is a soup dish from the Philippines that contains chicken, noodles, pork, organs, vegetables, shrimp and beef.
Beef kway teow is a dish found nationwide in Singapore and Indonesia. The main ingredients are kway teow, beef tenderloin, gula melaka, sliced dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
Beef kway teow is a dish found in Singapore and Indonesia. The leader of Singapore is Halimah Yacob and the language spoken there is Standard Chinese.
Sesame oil is an ingredient of beef kway teow which comes from Indonesia and Singapore. The main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow, beef tenderloin, gula melaka, sliced dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
Bhajji, also known as bhaji bajji, is a dish from the Karnataka region of India. It contains vegetables.
Bhajji, also known as bhaji bajji, is a dish from the Karnataka region that contains vegetables and gram flour.
The main ingredients of Binignit are sago and sweet potato. Sweet potato belongs to the Solanales order and is a flowering plant.
Binignit is a dish from the Visayas region of the Philippines. The main ingredients are coconut milk and sago.
Granola is an ingredient in Bionico, a dessert from the Jalisco region of Mexico.
Bionico is a dish from the Guadalajara region of Mexico. The main ingredients are chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut, raisins.
Bionico is a dessert from Mexico, where Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader. Cookies are also a dessert.
Tapioca is an ingredient in Bakso, which comes from Indonesia, where Jusuf Kalla is the leader.
Ayam penyet comes from the region of Singapore where the leader is Tony Tan. It is also found in Java where the Baduy are an ethnic group.
Philippine Spanish is spoken in the Philippines where the Ilocano people and the Zamboangans are ethnic groups. Batchoy is a dish from the Philippines.
Zamboangans and Igorot people are ethnic groups in the Philippines where Arabic is spoken. Batchoy is a dish from the Philippines.
Binignit is a dessert from the Philippines, where the language is Philippine English. Cookies are also a dessert.
Binignit is a dessert from the Philippines where Philippine English is spoken. Sandesh confectionery is also a dessert.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis, written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint, is followed by Ring of Fire II, written in English, and preceded by Grantville Gazette II and The Grantville Gazette.
Administrative Science Quarterly is published by Cornell University in Ithaca, New York. Cornell University is affiliated with the Association of American Universities and the Association of Public and Land-grant Universities. The president of Cornell University is Elizabeth Garrett.
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press and is from the United States, where the English language is spoken and African Americans are an ethnic group.
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press and is from the United States, where the English language is spoken. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States, where the English language is spoken and where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States, where the English language is spoken. The capital of the United States is Washington D.C. and Native Americans are an ethnic group there.
Above the Veil is preceded by Aenir and followed by Into Battle and The Violet Keystone. Into Battle was written by Australians.
Barack Obama is the leader of the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group. A Severed Wasp is written in English, which is spoken in Great Britain.
Barack Obama is the leader of the United States, where the English language is spoken. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States. A Severed Wasp is from the United States.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was preceded by 1634: The Galileo Affair and is set in the United States where Barack Obama is the leader, Washington D.C. is the capital and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
1634: The Ram Rebellion is from the United States where the demonym is Americans, the capital is Washington D.C. and the leader is Barack Obama. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
A Wizard of Mars was written in the United States, where English is spoken and the President is the leader. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Albany, Georgia is part of the U.S. state of Georgia. The leader of the U.S. is the President. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.
Alpharetta, Georgia, is part of Fulton County, Georgia, which is part of the U.S. state of Georgia. Atlanta is the largest city in Fulton County. Alpharetta is also part of the U.S. state of Georgia. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County, Texas. Potter County is in the state of Texas which is part of the United States. The capital of the United States is Washington, D.C. and the official language is English.
Amarillo, Texas, is part of Potter County, Texas, which is part of the state of Texas in the United States. The language spoken in Texas is English. The capital of Texas is Austin.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County, Texas which is in the state of Texas in the United States. The capital of Texas is Austin. English is the language spoken in Texas.
Anderson, Indiana has a population density of 523.9 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 107.43 square kilometres. It is part of Anderson Township and Fall Creek Township in Madison County, Indiana, United States.
Antioch, California is part of Contra Costa County, California which is part of the San Francisco Bay Area. California's 11th State Assembly district is the leader of Antioch, California. English is the language spoken in California.
Atlanta has a population density of 1299.0 inhabitants per square kilometre and an area of 344.9 square kilometres. It is part of DeKalb County, Georgia and has an area total of 347.1 square kilometres. The area code is 404.
Attica, Indiana is part of the United States and is located in Logan Township, Fountain County, Indiana. It has an area of 4.14 square kilometres and a population density of 783.1 inhabitants per square kilometre. Its elevation above sea level is 166.0.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Alabama. Lee County is part of the state of Alabama which is part of the United States. The capital of the United States is Washington, D.C. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Auburn, Washington is part of King County and Pierce County. It has a population density of 914.8 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 77.41 square kilometres.
Austin, Texas is part of Williamson County, Texas. The county seat is Georgetown, Texas and the largest city is Round Rock, Texas. English is the language spoken in Texas.
Austin, Texas is part of Hays County, Texas. The county seat of Hays County is San Marcos, Texas. English is the language spoken in Texas. Houston is the largest city in Texas.
Austin, Texas is part of Hays County, Texas. The county seat of Hays County is San Marcos, Texas. The largest city in Texas is Houston. The language spoken in Texas is Spanish.
Alexandria, Indiana is part of Madison County, Indiana in the United States. The capital of Indiana is Indianapolis and the language spoken there is English.
Fort Worth is the county seat of Tarrant County, Texas. Arlington, Texas is part of Tarrant County and is also part of Texas, the largest city of which is Houston. The Spanish language is spoken in Texas.
Fort Worth is the largest city in Tarrant County, Texas, which is part of the state of Texas in the United States. The capital of Texas is Austin. Arlington, Texas is part of Tarrant County.
Washington D.C. is the capital of the United States, where White Americans are an ethnic group. The largest city in the United States is New York City and New Jersey is part of the country. Atlantic City is located in New Jersey.
Albany, Oregon is part of Linn County, Oregon in the United States. The capital of the United States is Washington, D.C. and the Americans are the demonym. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. and the demonym is Americans. Albany, Oregon is part of the United States.
Angola, Indiana is part of Steuben County, Indiana in the United States. The demonym of the United States is "Americans" and the English language is spoken there. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States. Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Alabama which is in the state of Alabama. The capital of the United States is Washington, D.C.
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States. Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Alabama. The county seat of Lee County is Opelika, Alabama and it is part of the United States.
Atlantic City is part of New Jersey in the United States. New Jersey's capital is Trenton and its largest city is Newark. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is part of the United States where English is the language and Barack Obama is the leader.
Angola, Indiana is part of Steuben County, Indiana in the United States where the language is English and the demonym is Americans. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Barack Obama is the leader of the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. and Native Americans are an ethnic group. Akron, Ohio is part of Summit County, Ohio.
African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the leader is called the President and the demonym is Americans. Albany, Georgia is part of the United States.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Seminary Ridge, Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, United States. It was established in 2000 and is a contributing property.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania which has Carroll County, Maryland to the southeast, Cumberland County, Pennsylvania to the north and Frederick County, Maryland to the southwest.
Baku is the capital of Azerbaijan, where Artur Rasizade is the leader and the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan is the leader title. The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku and is located in Azerbaijan.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It is located in Azerbaijan, which is led by Artur Rasizade and has the National Assembly as its legislature. The capital of Azerbaijan is Baku.
Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey, where the capital is Ankara and the largest city is Istanbul. The Ataturk Monument is located in Izmir, Turkey.
AWH Engineering College was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff. It is located in Kuttikkattoor, Kerala which has Mahe, India to its northwest.
Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090. It is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University and has 700 postgraduate students. The director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar.
B.M. Reddy is the president of the Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India. The institute is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and has 700 postgraduate students.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association whose headquarters are in Brussels. The leader of Denmark is the Monarchy of Denmark and the leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
AWH Engineering College is located in Kuttikkattoor, India. It was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff. The largest city in India is Mumbai.
AWH Engineering College is located in the state of Kerala, India. The largest city in India is Mumbai and the leader of Kerala is Kochi. The Ganges is a river in India.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff. The leader of Denmark is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University Association, whose headquarters are in Brussels. The city of Aarhus has a magistrate form of government and is located in the northeast of Mols.
Alan Tudyk starred in the film Big Hero 6 where Baymax was created by Duncan Rouleau and Steven T. Seagle. Baymax was created by Duncan Rouleau and Steven T. Seagle.
Michele Marcolini is the manager of A.C. Lumezzane in Italy where Pietro Grasso is the leader. Marcolini plays for F.C. Bari 1908 and Vicenza Calcio.
Stuart Parker is a footballer who plays for Chesterfield F.C. and Stockport County F.C. He is also the manager of A.F.C. Blackpool which is located in Blackpool. The Labour Party is the leader of Blackpool.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 play in the Serie D league in Italy where the language is Italian and the leader is Sergio Mattarella. S.S. Robur Siena are the champions of Serie D.
AEK Athens F.C.'s manager is Gus Poyet who played for Real Zaragoza and Chelsea F.C. The club's ground is the Olympic Stadium in Marousi.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is in Italy where the capital is Rome and the people are called Italians. The leader of Italy is Pietro Grasso and the language spoken there is Italian.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where the official language is Italian and the capital is Rome. The leader of Italy is Sergio Mattarella and the demonym is Italians.
Arem-arem is found nationwide in Indonesia but more specific to Java. The leader of Indonesia is Jusuf Kalla and the currency is the Indonesian rupiah.
Asam pedas comes from the Sumatra and Malay Peninsula region of Malaysia, where the Malaysian Chinese and Malaysian Malay ethnic groups live. The capital of Malaysia is Kuala Lumpur.
Asam pedas comes from the Sumatra and Malay Peninsula region of Malaysia, where the Malaysian Malay and Malaysian Indian ethnic groups live. The capital of Malaysia is Kuala Lumpur.
Asam pedas comes from the Sumatra region of Malaysia, where the ethnic groups are Malaysian Malay and Malaysian Indian. The capital of Malaysia is Kuala Lumpur.
Asam pedas is a dish from the Malay Peninsula in Malaysia. The country is led by Abu Zahar Ujang and the ethnic groups are Malaysian Malay and Malaysian Indian.
The main ingredients of the Bacon Explosion are bacon, sausage and bacon. It comes from the Kansas City metropolitan area in the United States.
Bacon Explosion is a dish from the United States where the ethnic group is White Americans, the capital is Washington D.C. and the language is English. The leader of the United States is Paul Ryan.
The bacon sandwich, also known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm or bacon muffin, is a dish from the United Kingdom. It consists of bread and bacon with a condiment, often ketchup or brown sauce.
Baked Alaska comes from the region of Hong Kong and is a popular dish in France where French is spoken and the leaders are Manuel Valls and Gerard Larcher.
Lemon is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa, which comes from the Antioquia Department of Colombia. Lemon belongs to the Rosids order and the Rutaceae family.
Francois Hollande and Gerard Larcher are leaders of France, where the French language is spoken. Barny cakes contain sponge cake.
Batagor is a dish from Indonesia, where Joko Widodo is the leader. Batagor is a variation of Siomay, which contains peanut sauce as an ingredient. Shumai is also a variation of Batagor.
Batagor is a dish from Indonesia, where the leader is Joko Widodo. Shumai and Shiitake are ingredients in Batagor and Siomay.
Batagor is a dish from Indonesia, where Jusuf Kalla is the leader. Shumai is a variation of Batagor and contains the ingredient Shiitake. Siomay is another variation of Batagor.
Bhajji, also known as bhaji bajji, is a dish from the Karnataka region of India. The main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables.
Bhajji comes from the Karnataka region of India where the leader is Vajubhai Vala and T. S. Thakur is the leader of the country.
Bhajji is a dish from the Karnataka region of India where the demonym is Indian people and the leaders are T. S. Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan.
Bionico is a dessert from the Guadalajara region of Mexico. The main ingredients are chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut, raisins.
Bionico is a dessert from Mexico, where the language is Spanish and the leader is Enrique Pena Nieto. Honey is a variation of Bionico.
Bionico is a dessert from the Jalisco region of Mexico, where Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader.
Arros negre is a dish from the region of Catalonia in Spain. The leader of Spain is Felipe VI and the leader of Catalonia is Carles Puigdemont. Spaniards are an ethnic group in Spain.
Amatriciana sauce comes from Italy where the capital is Rome and the leaders are Matteo Renzi and Laura Boldrini. The Italian language is spoken in Italy.
Sergio Mattarella and Laura Boldrini are the leaders of Italy, where the people are called Italians and the capital is Rome. Amatriciana sauce comes from Italy.
Pietro Grasso and Matteo Renzi are the leaders of Italy. The capital of Italy is Rome and the Italian language is spoken there. Amatriciana sauce comes from Italy.
Fried chicken is a main ingredient of Ayam penyet, which is found nationwide in Java, Malaysia and Singapore. The Javanese people are an ethnic group in Java.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Java, where the Javanese people are an ethnic group. The English language is spoken in Singapore, where Tony Tan is a leader.
Batchoy is a dish from the Philippines where the language is Philippine Spanish, Arabic and the Chinese Filipino and Zamboangans are ethnic groups.
Ajoblanco is a dish from the region of Andalusia in Spain, where the language is Spanish and the ethnic group are Spaniards. The leader of Andalusia is Susana Diaz.
Ajoblanco is a dish from the region of Andalusia in Spain. The leader of Andalusia is Susana Diaz and the leader of Spain is Felipe VI. The people of Spain are called Spaniards.
Alan Bean, born in Wheeler, Texas, was selected by NASA in 1963. He was a test pilot and is now retired.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and was a crew member of Apollo 14 which was operated by NASA. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
Frank Borman was the commander of Apollo 8, which was operated by NASA. William Anders, who was born in British Hong Kong, was a crew member of Apollo 8.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, on January 20, 1930. He is an American fighter pilot and was a crew member of Apollo 11.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He served as a fighter pilot and was a crew member of Apollo 11 which was operated by NASA.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and graduated from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology with a Sc.D. in 1963. He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11. He is now retired.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He was a crew member of Apollo 11 which was operated by NASA and had William Anders as a backup pilot.
Buzz Aldrin was born on January 20, 1930. He was a crew member of Apollo 11, which was operated by NASA and had William Anders as a backup pilot.
Alan Shepard, who died in California, was a crew member of Apollo 14, which was operated by NASA. Dianne Feinstein is a senator in California. Benitoite is a gemstone found in California.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy and the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and is a United States citizen. He is a fighter pilot and was a crew member of Apollo 8. His date of retirement was September 1st, 1969.
Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup which is part of the Central Denmark Region. The leader of Denmark is Margrethe II and the language spoken there is Faroese.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas. It is operated by ENAIRE and has a runway length of 4100.0 and a runway name of 14L/32R. The airport is 610.0 metres above sea level.
Agra Airport is located in India and operated by the Indian Air Force. It is 167.94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1818.0. Its ICAO location identifier is VIAG.
Al Asad Airbase is located in Iraq and is operated by the United States Air Force. Its ICAO location identifier is ORAA and its runway name is 08/26 with a length of 3990.0.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force and is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq. The ICAO location identifier is ORAA and the runway name is 08/26 with a length of 3992.88.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force. The United States Air Force operates the Lockheed AC-130, the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III, the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon and the Boeing B-52 Stratofortress. The United States Air Force was involved in the 1986 United States bombing of Libya.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which fought in the Invasion of Grenada and Operation Enduring Freedom. The United States Air Force uses Lockheed AC-130, Lockheed C-130 Hercules and Lockheed AC-130U Spooky aircraft.
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made of Poaceae and is 733.0 long. The airport is located 88 metres above sea level and serves the city of Alderney. The runway name is 08/26.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan and serves the city of Lahore. It is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority and has a runway length of 3310.0 and a runway name of 18L/36R.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan and serves the city of Lahore. It is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority and has a runway length of 2900.0 and a runway name of 18R/36L.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan, United States. The airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533.0. It serves the city of Alpena, Michigan.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan. It is 210 metres above sea level and serves the city of Alpena, Michigan. The airport has a runway length of 1533.0 and the runway name is 7/25.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan. It serves the city of Alpena and is 210 metres above sea level. The runway name is 1/19 and the runway length is 2744.0.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan, United States. The airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533.0. It serves the city of Alpena, Michigan.
Angola International Airport is located in Icolo e Bengo and serves the city of Luanda. It is 159 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800.0. The runway name is 05L/23R.
Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis are leaders of Greece, where the Greek language is spoken. Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens.
Prokopis Pavlopoulos and Alexis Tsipras are the leaders of Greece, where the Greek language is spoken. Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. Don Guardian is the leader of Atlantic City, New Jersey.
Philippe of Belgium and Charles Michel are the leaders of Belgium. The capital of Belgium is the City of Brussels and Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp.
Atlantic City International Airport (ICAO location identifier: KACY) is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. Egg Harbor Township is part of Atlantic County, New Jersey.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the cities of Lake Placid and Saranac Lake in New York, United States. Lake Placid is part of Harrietstown, New York.
The Adirondack Regional Airport serves the cities of Lake Placid and Saranac Lake in New York, United States. Saranac Lake is part of Harrietstown, New York.
The Indian Air Force operates the Agra Airport in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand. The HAL Light Combat Helicopter is used by the Indian Air Force.
Ram Naik is the leader of Uttar Pradesh, which is part of Bundelkhand. The Indian Air Force operates the Agra Airport, which is located in Uttar Pradesh. One of the aircraft used by the Indian Air Force is the HAL Light Combat Helicopter.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq where the languages spoken are Arabic and the leaders are Fuad Masum and Haider al-Abadi.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States. It was completed in 1985.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo, New York. It was built in January 2014 and has a floor area of 30843.8 square metres and 12 floors. It has a postmodern architectural style.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, Illinois, United States. The leader of Chicago is Rahm Emanuel and the capital of Illinois is Springfield.
The AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is located in Denmark. The Faroese language is spoken in Denmark. Margrethe II of Denmark is the leader of Denmark. Marriott International was founded in Washington D.C. and is the tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen.
The AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is located in Denmark, where the Greenlandic language is spoken. The hotel is tenanted by Marriott International, which was founded in Washington D.C. and is headed by Bill Marriott.
The AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is located in Denmark, where the Greenlandic language is spoken and Lars Lokke Rasmussen is the leader. The Marriott International company was founded in Washington D.C. and is the tenant of the hotel.
Augustus Pugin, who was born in Bloomsbury, designed the Palace of Westminster and Adare Manor in the Republic of Ireland. The leader of the Republic of Ireland is Enda Kenny.
Addis Ababa City Hall was completed in 1964. It was started in 1961 and has a floor area of 140000.0 square metres. It is 42 m high. The current tenants are the Government of Addis Ababa.
The Akita Museum of Art is located at 1-4-2 Nakadori, Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan and has 3 floors.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan. Taro Aso is the leader of Japan. The Chinese people are an ethnic group in Japan.
Alan B. Miller Hall is located in Virginia and was designed by Robert A. M. Stern. The current tenants are the Mason School of Business which is located in the United States.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. The leader of India is Sumitra Mahajan and the leader of Gujarat is the Gujarat Legislative Assembly.
Ampara Hospital is located in Ampara District, Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe and the leader of the Eastern Province is Austin Fernando.
Ranil Wickremesinghe is the leader of Sri Lanka, where the capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte. Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka, which is governed by the Eastern Provincial Council.
Julia Morgan was born in San Francisco. She is the architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds, Los Angeles Herald-Examiner and Hearst Castle.
Julia Morgan was born in San Francisco and is the architect of the Asilomar Conference Grounds, Riverside Art Museum and Hearst Castle.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City, New York, United States. New York City is part of Manhattan and is led by Cyrus Vance Jr. New York City is also part of New Netherland.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin who was born in Birmingham. John Clancy is the leader of Birmingham City Council. The postal code for Birmingham is B postcode area.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, the capital of which is Washington D.C. The leader of the United States is President Barack Obama and the leader of the Supreme Court is John Roberts.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Seminary Ridge, Adams County, Pennsylvania, United States. It was established in 2000 and is a contributing property.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania, which has Cumberland County to the north, Franklin County to the west, Carroll County to the southeast and Frederick County to the southwest.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is made of red granite and white marble and is located in Azerbaijan. It is dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku and was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner. The capital of Azerbaijan is Baku. Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaijan.
Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner designed the Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial in Azerbaijan, which is dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. The memorial is made of red granite and white marble. Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaijan.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield in Frederick County, Maryland, United States. It was established on 11th July 1907.
Alan Bean was born on March 15, 1932 in Wheeler, Texas. He is a retired test pilot and served in space for 100305.0 minutes.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He was a crew member of Apollo 14 which was operated by NASA. He received the Distinguished Service Medal from the United States Navy which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
Alan Bean, born Alan LaVern Bean, was a crew member of Apollo 12, which was operated by NASA. The backup pilot was Alfred Worden and the commander was David Scott. Alan Bean retired in June 1981.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology with a Sc.D. in 1963. He was selected by NASA in 1963 and was a crew member of Apollo 11. Aldrin was a fighter pilot.
Buzz Aldrin was born on January 20, 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology with a Sc.D. in 1963. He was a crew member of Apollo 11, which was operated by NASA and had William Anders as a backup pilot.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He served as a fighter pilot and was a crew member of Apollo 11, which was operated by NASA. The backup pilot for Apollo 11 was William Anders.
Buzz Aldrin was born on January 20, 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology with a Sc.D. in 1963. He was selected by NASA in 1963 and was a crew member of Apollo 11. He was a fighter pilot.
Alan Shepard, who died in California, was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy. He was also awarded the Department of Commerce Gold Medal. Dianne Feinstein is a senator in California. Benitoite is a gemstone found in California. Smilodon is a fossil found in California.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and is a United States citizen. He is a fighter pilot and was a crew member of Apollo 8. He graduated from the AFIT M.S. in 1962. His date of retirement was 1969-09-01.
William Anders, who was born in British Hong Kong, was a crew member of Apollo 8, which was operated by NASA. Apollo 8's backup pilot was Buzz Aldrin and its crew members were Frank Borman. William Anders retired on 1969-09-01.
William Anders, AFIT M.S. 1962, was a crew member of Apollo 8, which was operated by NASA. Apollo 8's backup pilot was Buzz Aldrin. Frank Borman was also a member of Apollo 8's crew. William Anders is retired.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio, Ticino, Switzerland. It was established in 1996 and has 100 academic staff. The dean is Mario Botta.
Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090, Karnataka, India. It is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University and has 700 postgraduate students.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090, India. It was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. B.M. Reddy is the president.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association which is headquartered in Brussels. The leader of Denmark is a Monarch and the leader's name is Lars Lokke Rasmussen. The religion of Denmark is the Church of Denmark.
Thomas Pallesen is the dean of the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark. The school is affiliated with the European University Association which is headquartered in Brussels. Lars Lokke Rasmussen is the leader of Denmark.
AWH Engineering College was established in 2001 and is located in the state of Kerala, India. The largest city in India is Mumbai and the leader of Kerala is Kochi. The Ganges is a river in India.
1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania, the capital of which is Bucharest. The leader of Romania is Klaus Iohannis and the country's patron saint is Andrew the Apostle. The national anthem of Romania is Desteapta-te romane!. Germans are an ethnic group in Romania.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff and 16000 students. The leader of Denmark is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
The Ataturk Monument in Izmir is made of bronze and was inaugurated on 27th July 1932. It is located in Turkey, the capital of which is Ankara and the largest city of which is Istanbul. The leader of Turkey is Ahmet Davutoglu and the currency is the Turkish lira.
Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey where the capital is Ankara. The Ataturk Monument in Izmir was designed by Pietro Canonica and inaugurated on 27th July 1932. It is made of bronze.
Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey where the capital is Ankara. The largest city is Istanbul and the currency is the Turkish lira. The Ataturk Monument in Izmir was inaugurated on 1932-07-27.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 and is located in Mendrisio, Switzerland. It has 600 students and 100 academic staff. Mario Botta is the dean. The leader of Switzerland is the Federal Chancellor.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, Karnataka, India. It was established in 2000 and its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar. Its president is B.M. Reddy and its motto is "Nurturing Excellence".
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Karnataka was given the 'Technical Campus' status by the All India Council for Technical Education, which is located in Mumbai. Karnataka has the Arabian Sea to its west and Telangana to its northeast. Tennis is a sport governed by the International Tennis Federation.
1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Romania. The country's capital is Bucharest and its leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis. Romania's national anthem is "Desteapta-te romane!" and one of the ethnic groups in the country are the Germans of Romania.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the European University Association. It is located in Aarhus, Denmark and has 737 academic staff. The leader of Denmark is Lars Lokke Rasmussen and the dean of the school is Thomas Pallesen.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association which is headquartered in Brussels. The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is in the city of Aarhus which is governed by a magistrate. The leader of Denmark is called the Monarchy of Denmark and the leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and is located in Aarhus, Denmark. It has 16000 students and is affiliated with the European University Association. The dean is Thomas Pallesen.
Alan Bean was born on March 15, 1932 in Wheeler, Texas. He graduated from UT Austin with a B.S. in 1955. He was a test pilot and a crew member of Apollo 12. He is now retired.
Alan Shepard was born on November 18th, 1923 in New Hampshire. He died in California on July 21st, 1998. He graduated from NWC with an MA in 1957. He was selected by NASA in 1959 to be a test pilot.
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas, United States. He was a crew member of Apollo 12, which was operated by NASA and commanded by David Scott. Alan Bean was a test pilot and the backup pilot for Apollo 12. Alfred Worden was also a crew member of Apollo 12.
Buzz Aldrin was born on January 20, 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology with a Sc.D. in 1963 and was selected by NASA in 1963 to be a crew member of Apollo 11. He is also known as Edwin E. Aldrin Jr. and was a fighter pilot.
Buzz Aldrin was born on January 20, 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology with a Sc.D. in 1963. He was a fighter pilot and was a crew member of Apollo 11. He spent 52 minutes in space.
Buzz Aldrin was born on January 20, 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He is a United States citizen and graduated from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology with a Sc.D. in 1963. He was a crew member of Apollo 11 and has received 20 awards. He is now retired.
Buzz Aldrin was born on January 20, 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He was selected by NASA in 1963 and was a crew member of Apollo 11. He is now retired.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology with a Sc.D. in 1963. He was a crew member of Apollo 11, which was operated by NASA. William Anders was the backup pilot for Apollo 11.
William Anders was born on October 17, 1933 in British Hong Kong. He is a retired fighter pilot and was a crew member of Apollo 8. His nationality is United States and his date of retirement was September 1, 1969.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and is a national of the United States. He was a crew member of Apollo 8 which was operated by NASA and had Buzz Aldrin as a backup pilot. He retired on 1st September 1969.
William Anders was born on October 17, 1933 in British Hong Kong. He was a fighter pilot and was selected by NASA in 1963. He retired on September 1, 1969 and spent 8820 minutes in space.
Aaron S. Daggett was awarded the Purple Heart.
Aaron S. Daggett fought in the Battle of Mine Run.
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam, Netherlands.
Abdul Rahman Ya'kub was vice president to Tuanku Bujang Tuanku Othman.
Abdul Taib Mahmud is a member of the Parti Bumiputera Sarawak.
The successor of Abdul Taib Mahmud is Sulaiman Abdul Rahman Taib.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was active from 1999-05-29.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Minna.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State.
Abner W. Sibal was active from 1965-01-03.
Abner W. Sibal died in Alexandria, Virginia.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent.
Adam Holloway lives in Gravesend.
Adenan Satem attended the University of Adelaide.
Adolf Scharf was born in Mikulov.
Adonis Georgiadis was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister.
Adonis Georgiadis worked as the Deputy Minister for Development, Competitiveness and Shipping.
Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendorf.
Agnes Ward White was born in Marietta, Ohio.
Airey Neave was active from 1953-06-30.
Airey Neave was awarded the Military Cross.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge, London.
Airey Neave was a lieutenant colonel in the military.
Airey Neave served in the armed forces from 1935.
Albert B. White is a member of the Republican Party in the United States.
Albert B. White's spouse was Agnes Ward White.
Albert Jennings Fountain is associated with the Union Army.
Alberto Teisaire is from Argentina.
Alberto Teisaire is a rear admiral in the Argentine Navy.
Alfons Gorbach died in Austria.
Alfred Moore Scales was active from 1875-03-04.
Alfred Moore Scales fought in the Battle of Chancellorsville.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Darien, Connecticut.
Alfred N. Phillips worked as the mayor of Stamford, Connecticut.
Allan Shivers was active from 1947-01-21.
Allan Shivers served in the United States Army.
Allan Shivers was succeeded by Price Daniel.
Alvah Sabin was active from 1853-03-04.
Alvah Sabin was a member of the Whig Party in the United States.
Robert E. Lee was a commander in the American Civil War.
The language spoken in Austria is Austrian German.
Robert E. Lee was the commander of the Battle of Antietam.
The Battle of Cold Harbor was part of the American Civil War.
Gabriela Michetti is the leader of Buenos Aires.
Colin Powell was a commander in the Gulf War.
John F. Kennedy's predecessor was Dwight D. Eisenhower.
Josef Klaus attended the University of Vienna.
Francisco Franco was the predecessor of Juan Carlos I of Spain.
Juan Peron was a member of the Labour Party in Argentina.
Mark Rutte is the leader of the Netherlands.
The United States Army fought in the Spanish-American War.
William M. O. Dawson was born in Bloomington, Maryland.
The 1955 Dodge is also known as the Dodge Coronet.
The 1955 Dodge has a 230 cubic inch engine.
A-Rosa Luna was christened on 2005-04-07.
AIDA Cruises is located in Rostock.
AIDA Cruises is the operator of AIDAluna.
AIDAstella was christened on 2013-03-16.
AIDAstella was completed on March 11, 2013.
AIDAstella's maiden voyage was on 2013-03-17.
AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruises.
ALV X-1 was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport.
The AMC Matador is also known as the American Motors Matador.
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo V-2 was sold to the Netherlands on 1 April 1948.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe has a straight-four engine.
The Acura TLX has a Honda K engine.
The Acura TLX is an AWD vehicle.
The Acura TLX is related to the Honda Accord.
The transmission of the Acura TLX is a 9-speed ZF 9HP automatic V6.
Alfa Romeo 164 was assembled in Arese.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is related to the Lancia Thema.
The Alfa Romeo 164 has a 4-speed automatic ZF 4HP18QE transmission.
The Alhambra was built by the Samuda Brothers.
The Alhambra has a ship beam of 8.3 m.
The Alhambra is wrecked.
The Alhambra has a top speed of 18.52.
The Alvis Speed 25 has a straight-six engine.
The Alvis Speed 25 model started in 1937.
The American submarine NR-1 has a draft of 4.6 m.
The final flight of the Antares rocket was on 2014-10-28.
The Antares rocket is launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0.
Gabriela Michetti is the leader of Argentina.
Ariane 5 is launched from the Guiana Space Centre.
The maiden flight of the Ariane 5 was on 2005-08-11.
The Aston Martin V8 has a convertible body style.
Aston Martin is the manufacturer of the Aston Martin V8.
Aston Martin is the manufacturer of the Aston Martin Virage.
The final flight of the Atlas II was on 1998-03-16.
The Atlas II was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base.
Audi was founded by August Horch.
The Audi A1 is assembled at Audi Brussels.
The Audi A1 is related to the SEAT Ibiza.
Caterpillar Inc. is located in Peoria, Illinois.
Costa Crociere is located in Genoa.
The DeSoto Custom is related to the Chrysler Newport.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is related to the Fiat Croma.
The Germans are the demonym of Germany.
The leader of Germany is Norbert Lammert.
Stanislaw Tillich is the leader of Germany.
Gruppo Bertone was founded by Giovanni Bertone.
The Guiana Space Centre is headquartered in Kourou, French Guiana.
Honda is the manufacturer of the Honda K engine.
The Star-Spangled Banner is the national anthem of the United States.
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Silvio Berlusconi is the chairman of A.C. Milan.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada.
Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen.
Abel Hernandez plays for the Uruguayan Olympic football team.
Abel Hernandez plays for the Uruguay national football team.
Abner was born in Brazil.
Adam Maher was born in Diemen.
Adam Maher was born in the Netherlands.
Adam Maher plays for the Netherlands national under-17 football team.
Adam Maher plays for PSV Eindhoven.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for the Iraq national football team.
Akeem Adams was born in Point Fortin.
Akeem Dent played for the Atlanta Falcons.
Akeem Priestley plays for the Connecticut Huskies.
Al-Khor Sports Club play in the Qatar Stars League.
The manager of Al-Zawra'a SC is Basim Qasim.
Al Kharaitiyat SC are in the Qatar Stars League.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra was born in Baghdad.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Sanat Mes Kerman F.C.
Alan Martin is a footballer who plays for Hamilton Academical F.C.
Alan Martin played for the Scotland national under-19 football team.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. was born on September 2, 1995.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. plays for the Florida Panthers.
Aleksander Barkov Jr's height is 1.905.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. plays in the National Hockey League.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on February 24, 1989.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Amkar Perm.
Aleksandre Guruli was born in Batumi.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Samtredia.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for the Georgia national under-21 football team.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.S. Roma.
Alessio Romagnoli played for the youth club of A.S. Roma.
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba.
Alex Tyus plays in the Turkish Basketball Super League.
The Atlanta Falcons play in Atlanta.
Don Sweeney is the general manager of the Boston Bruins.
Budapest is located in Hungary.
The language spoken in Canada is English.
The Slavey language is spoken in Canada.
The Columbus Blue Jackets play in Columbus, Ohio.
Oleh Luzhny is the manager of FC Karpaty Lviv.
Valery Petrakov is the manager of FC Torpedo Moscow.
The chairman of Ferencvarosi TC is Gabor Kubatov.
The language spoken in Finland is Finnish.
Daniele Zoratto is the coach of the Italy national under-16 football team.
Zvi Sherf is the coach of Maccabi Ashdod B.C.
Motherwell F.C.'s ground is Fir Park.
Jean-Michel Aulas is the owner of Olympique Lyonnais.
The St. Louis Rams play in St. Louis.
The Tennessee Titans play in the city of Nashville, Tennessee.
Aaron Bertram's active years started in 1998.
Aaron Deer is associated with the band The Horns of Happiness.
Aaron Deer's record label is Kill Rock Stars.
Aaron Turner's genre is Avant-garde metal.
Aaron Turner's genre is progressive metal.
Abradab is a solo singer.
Abradab was born on November 12, 1978.
Abradab was born in Poland.
Hip hop music is the genre of Abradab.
Agustin Barboza's genre is Guarania music.
Ahmet Ertegun was born in Istanbul, Turkey.
Alan Frew is a rock musician.
Albennie Jones is associated with the band Sammy Price.
Aleksandra Kovac is a solo singer.
Aleksandra Kovac was born in Yugoslavia.
Aleksandra Kovac's genre is rhythm and blues.
Aleksandra Kovac's genre is soul music.
Alex Day's genre is Synthpop.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is associated with the band Hector Numa Moraes.
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Montevideo.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Uruguay.
Alfredo Zitarrosa's record label is RCA Records.
Alison O'Donnell has been active since 1963.
Alison O'Donnell's genre is jazz.
Alison O'Donnell plays the voice, bodhran, percussion and autoharp.
Allen Forrest was born on February 4th, 1981.
Allen Forrest's genre is pop music.
Alligator Records is located in Chicago.
Anders Osborne is associated with Johnny Sansone.
Anders Osborne's genre is rhythm and blues.
Alligator Records is the record label of Anders Osborne.
Andra is a rhythm and blues singer.
Andrew Rayel has been active since 2009.
Andrew Rayel is associated with the band Christian Burns.
Andrew Rayel was born in Chisinau, Moldova.
Andrew White is associated with the band Marry Banilow.
Andrew White's record label is B-Unique Records.
Asuncion is part of Gran Asuncion.
Christian Burns plays the guitar.
Gangsta rap is a subgenre of hip hop music.
Hip hop music has its stylistic origin in funk.
The stylistic origin of Indie rock is New Wave music.
Manchester is part of Greater Manchester.
Polydor Records is located in London.
Sony Music Entertainment is the distributing company of RCA Records.
Rock and roll has its stylistic origin in the blues.
Pop music is the stylistic origin of Synthpop.
The British people are the demonym of the United Kingdom.
The density of 19255 1994 VK8 is 2.0 gram per cubic centimetre.
Carl A. Wirtanen was the discoverer of 29075 1950 DA.
410777 (2009 FD) has an absolute magnitude of 22.1.
410777 2009 FD has an apoapsis of 259776702.47055 kilometres.
66063 1998 RO1 has an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 kilometres.
66063 1998 RO1's epoch is 2013-11-04.
1000 Piazzia has an escape velocity of 0.0252 km/s.
The former name of 1001 Gaussia is 1923 OAA907 XC.
The maximum temperature of 1001 Gaussia is 165.0 kelvins.
101 Helena has an apoapsis of 441092000 km.
The epoch of 101 Helena is 2006-12-31.
101 Helena has a mass of 3.0 kilograms.
The average speed of 1036 Ganymed is 16.86 km/s.
103 Hera has an absolute magnitude of 7.66.
103 Hera has a mass of 7.9 kilograms.
The absolute magnitude of 107 Camilla is 7.08.
107 Camilla was discovered by A. Storrs.
The former name of 1089 Tama is A894 VA; A904 VD.
1089 Tama has an orbital period of 1202.846 days.
The average speed of 1097 Vicia is 17.92 km/s.
1097 Vicia is part of the 2006-12-31 epoch.
1097 Vicia has a rotation period of 95040.0.
Christian Heinrich Friedrich Peters was the discoverer of 109 Felicitas.
The periapsis of 109 Felicitas is 283326000000.0.
10 Hygiea has an average speed of 16.76 km/s.
The periapsis of 1101 Clematis is 445895000000.0.
110 Lydia's epoch is 2006-12-31.
11264 Claudiomaccone has a temperature of 173.0 kelvins.
James Craig Watson attended the University of Michigan.
N. R. Pogson was born in Nottingham.
Aaron S. Daggett was awarded the Purple Heart and fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg.
Aaron S. Daggett was awarded the Purple Heart and fought in the Battle of Gettysburg.
Stephen Yong Kuet Tze is the deputy of Abdul Rahman Ya'kub who is the successor of Abdul Taib Mahmud.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and is a member of Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Minna and attended the Technical Institute Kaduna.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State and worked as Chief of the Defence Staff in Nigeria.
Abdulsalami Abubakar worked as Chief of the Defence Staff in Nigeria and was succeeded by Al-Amin Daggash.
Abdulsalami Abubakar retired on May 29, 1999 and was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo.
Mike Akhigbe was vice president while Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office. His successor was Olusegun Obasanjo.
Abner W. Sibal fought in World War II under the command of Joseph Stalin.
Abner W. Sibal served in the United States Army which fought in the Korean War.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent and attended Magdalene College, Cambridge.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent and lives in Gravesend.
Adam Koc fought in World War I and was awarded the Virtuti Militari.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens and worked as Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of the Popular Orthodox Rally.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Greece and worked as Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of the Popular Orthodox Rally.
Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendorf and worked as a parliamentary group leader.
Airey Neave served in the Royal Artillery and was awarded the Military Cross.
Airey Neave was active from 1974-03-04 and fought in the Battle of France.
Airey Neave fought in the Battle of France which was commanded by Hugo Sperrle.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge and fought in World War II.
Franklin D. Roosevelt was a commander in World War II where Airey Neave fought.
Airey Neave fought in World War II under the command of Joseph Stalin.
Albert B. White was born on September 22, 1856 and died in 1941.
Albert B. White was born on September 22, 1856 and was a politician.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York City and died in Dona Ana County, New Mexico.
Albert Jennings Fountain died in New Mexico Territory while Edmund J. Davis was Vice President.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York City and is a member of the Republican Party in the United States.
Alberto Teisaire worked at the Provisional President of the Argentine Senate and was succeeded by Isaac Rojas.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria and Austria-Hungary.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Tyrol state, Austria.
Alfred Moore Scales served as Governor of North Carolina and was succeeded by James W. Reid.
Alfred Moore Scales was succeeded by Daniel Gould Fowle who attended Princeton University.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Connecticut and worked at the United States House of Representatives.
Alfred N. Phillips served in the United States Army which fought in the American Civil War.
Allan Shivers fought in World War II under the command of Joseph Stalin.
Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin, Texas and worked as a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4, Port Arthur.
Allan Shivers was a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4, Port Arthur. He was succeeded by Ben Ramsey.
Alvah Sabin was born on October 23, 1793 and worked as Secretary of State of Vermont.
Agnes Kant is from the Netherlands where the currency is the Euro.
Mark Rutte is the leader of the Netherlands where Agnes Kant is from.
Albert B. White died in Parkersburg, West Virginia, in the United States.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Saskatchewan and plays for the Wichita Thunder.
Jorge Orosman da Silva is the manager of Penarol, where Abel Hernandez plays.
Abel Hernandez plays for U.S. Citta di Palermo and Penarol.
Adam Maher plays for the Netherlands national under-17 football team and for AZ Alkmaar.
Adam Maher plays for PSV Eindhoven and the Netherlands national under-17 football team.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for Steel Azin F.C. and Al Shorta SC.
Akeem Adams plays for Ferencvarosi TC whose manager is Thomas Doll.
Akeem Adams plays for the T&TEC Sports Club and the Trinidad and Tobago national football team.
Akeem Ayers was drafted in the 39th round by the New England Patriots.
Akeem Ayers was drafted in the 39th round by the Tennessee Titans.
Akeem Dent was born on September 27, 1987.
Akeem Priestley plays for the Connecticut Huskies and Sheikh Russel KC.
Akeem Priestley plays for RoPS and Sheikh Russel KC.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al-Khor Sports Club whose ground is in Al Khor.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC whose manager is Amar Osim.
Alan Martin played for Leeds United and Hamilton Academical.
Alan Martin is a footballer who plays for Hamilton Academical F.C. whose ground is New Douglas Park.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. was born on September 2, 1995 and plays for the Florida Panthers.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. was born in Tampere, Finland and plays for the Florida Panthers.
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow whose manager is Valery Petrakov.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow and FC Kuban Krasnodar.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Tom Tomsk who are in the Russian Football National League.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Dinamo Batumi and FC Karpaty Lviv.
Alex Plante was born in 1989 in Manitoba.
Alex Tyus was born on January 8, 1988 and plays for Pallacanestro Cantu.
Alex Tyus plays for Maccabi Tel Aviv B.C. in the Turkish Basketball Super League.
Alex Plante was born in Brandon, Manitoba and is a member of the Conservative Party of Canada.
Adam McQuaid was born in Canada where the national anthem is O Canada.
Adam McQuaid was born in Canada where the language is English.
Levan Khomeriki is the manager of FC Dinamo Batumi where Aleksandre Guruli plays.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow whose ground is Otkrytiye Arena.
Akeem Priestley plays for RoPS who are in the Veikkausliiga.
Akeem Adams plays for United Petrotrin F.C. who play at the Palo Seco Velodrome.
Aaron Deer's genre is psychedelia and he plays the guitar.
Aaron Deer is from the United States and Indiana.
Electroacoustic music is the genre of Aaron Turner who is associated with the band Twilight.
Aaron Turner's instrument is singing and his genre is Avant-garde metal.
Kaliber 44 and Magik are associated with the band Abradab.
Abradab was born on November 12, 1978 in Katowice.
Abradab was born in Katowice, Poland.
Ace Wilder's genre is Hip hop music which has its stylistic origin in Disco.
Ace Wilder is a solo singer and his record label is Warner Music Group.
Agustin Barboza was born in Paraguay and his record label is Philips Records.
Alan Frew is part of the rock music genre which is a fusion of Bhangra music.
Alan Frew's genre is rock music, which has its stylistic origins in country music.
Blues is the stylistic origin of jazz and Albennie Jones is a jazz musician.
Aleksandra Kovac is a pop music solo singer.
Aleksandra Kovac's genre is rhythm and blues which has its stylistic origin in the blues.
Aleksandra Kovac's active years started in 1990 and her genre is soul music.
Alex Day's genre is Synthpop which is a style of New Wave music.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in England in 1872.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is a solo singer and his genre is Milonga music.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is a solo singer and his genre is Taquirari.
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Uruguay and died in Montevideo.
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Montevideo and died in Uruguay.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is a solo singer and his genre is the zamba artform.
Alison O'Donnell is associated with Plastik Mak and Bajik.
Alison O'Donnell's genre is folk rock and her record label is Floating World Records.
Alison O'Donnell's genre is jazz and she plays the voice, bodhran, percussion and autoharp.
Allen Forrest's genre is hip hop music and he is a solo singer.
Alternative rock is a subgenre of Christian alternative rock. Andrew White is a musician of this genre.
Anders Osborne is associated with Phil Lesh and Friends and Tab Benoit.
Anders Osborne's genre is rhythm and blues and his record label is Rabadash Records.
Anders Osborne's genre is rhythm and blues and his record label is Shanachie Records.
Andra has been active in pop music since 2000.
Rhythm and blues has its stylistic origins in the blues. Andra singer is a singer of rhythm and blues.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Christian Burns and Jonathan Mendelsohn.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Mark Sixma and Jonathan Mendelsohn.
Andrew Rayel is associated with the bands Jwaydan Moyine and Armin van Buuren.
Andrew White is a musician who plays alternative rock, a genre that originated with New Wave music.
The banjo is an instrument used in country music. Al Anderson is a member of the NRBQ band.
Andrew White is a musician and his record label is Polydor Records which is located in London.
19255 1994 VK8 has an escape velocity of 0.0925 km/s and an apoapsis of 6603633000 km.
410777 2009 FD has an apoapsis of 259776702.47055 kilometres and a minimum temperature of 211.0 kelvins.
410777 2009 FD has a periapsis of 88234300000.0 and was discovered by Spacewatch.
66063 (1998 RO1) has an escape velocity of 0.0999 km/s and an epoch of 2013-11-04.
66391 1999 KW4 has an epoch of 2004-07-14 and an orbital period of 16244700.0.
66391 (1999 KW4) has a rotation period of 9953.28 and an epoch of 2004-07-14.
101 Helena was discovered by James Craig Watson who died of peritonitis.
1036 Ganymed has an average speed of 16.86 kilometrePerSeconds and an apoapsis of 611961000.0 kilometres.
Walter Baade was born in the German Empire and discovered 1036 Ganymed.
Walter Baade, of German nationality, discovered 1036 Ganymed.
103 Hera was discovered by James Craig Watson who died of peritonitis.
103 Hera was discovered by the Canadian James Craig Watson.
107 Camilla was discovered by N.R. Pogson who was born in Nottingham.
The former name of 1089 Tama is A919 HA; 1927 WB. It was built in 2005-11-26.
The temperature of 1089 Tama is 179.0 kelvins and its apoapsis is 373513000 kilometres.
1097 Vicia has an epoch of 2006-12-31 and a periapsis of 279142000000.0.
109 Felicitas has an apoapsis of 523329000 km and a temperature of 170 kelvins.
109 Felicitas has an epoch of 2006-12-31 and a periapsis of 283326000000.0.
109 Felicitas has a rotation period of 47487.6 and an epoch of 2006-12-31.
10 Hygiea has an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 kilometres and a temperature of 164.0 kelvins.
10 Hygiea was formerly known as A900 GA and has an epoch of 2015-06-27.
110 Lydia has a mass of 6.7 kilograms and an epoch of 2006-12-31.
110 Lydia has an epoch of 2006-12-31 and an orbital period of 142603000.0.
A-Rosa Luna is a cruise ship with a length of 125800.0 millimetres.
A-Rosa Luna was ordered on 2004-01-22 and has a length of 125800.0 millimetres.
AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruises which is located in Germany.
AIDAluna is operated by AIDA Cruises which is located in Rostock.
The length of AIDAluna is 252000 millimetres and its top speed is 40.744.
AIDAstella was christened on 2013-03-16 and has a length of 253260.0 millimetres.
The ALCO RS-3 was built by the Montreal Locomotive Works and has a diesel-electric transmission.
ALV X-1 has a diameter of 1.524 metres and has 2 rocket stages.
The AMC Matador was assembled in Kenosha, Wisconsin and was produced between 1974 and 1978.
AMC Matador was designed by Richard A. Teague who worked for Chrysler.
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo V-2 is 192000 millimetres long and is from Argentina.
The Alfa Romeo 164 was assembled in Milan and is related to the Saab 9000.
The Alfa Romeo 164 was assembled in Italy and is related to the Fiat Croma.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Italy and is related to the Lancia Thema.
The Alvis Car and Engineering Company is located in Coventry and manufactured the Alvis Speed 25.
The Alvis Speed 25 has a single plate clutch, a separate 4-speed gearbox, an all-silent and all-syncromesh centre change lever, an open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints, a spiral bevel fully floating back axle and a 4387.0 cubic centimetres engine.
The transmission of the Alvis Speed 25 is a single plate clutch separate 4-speed gearbox all-silent and all-syncromesh centre change lever open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints spiral bevel fully floating back axle and a straight-six engine.
American Motors was the manufacturer of the AMC Matador and the Eagle automobile.
The Antares rocket was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport on January 9, 2014.
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo V-2 is located in Argentina where the leader is Gabriela Michetti.
Airbus Defence and Space is the manufacturer of Ariane 5 which is launched from ELA-3.
Airbus Group is the parent company of Airbus Defence and Space, the manufacturer of Ariane 5.
The Aston Martin V8 is assembled in the United Kingdom and the related mean of transportation is the Aston Martin RHAM/1.
Aston Martin manufactured the Aston Martin V8 which was succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage.
The Aston Martin DBS is related to the Aston Martin V8 which is the successor to the Aston Martin Virage.
The Aston Martin V8 was succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage which was manufactured by Aston Martin.
The final flight of the Atlas II was on 1998-03-16 and it has a diameter of 3.04 m.
The Atlas II was launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station and was manufactured by Lockheed Martin.
Audi is the manufacturer of the Audi A1 and is part of the Audi e-tron division.
Ducati is a subsidiary of Audi, the manufacturer of the Audi A1.
Quattro GmbH is a subsidiary of Audi, the manufacturer of the Audi A1.
Douglas R. Oberhelman is a key person at Caterpillar Inc. which provides the power type for AIDAluna.
The Antares rocket is comparable to the Delta II which is launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base.
The Aleksey Chirikov icebreaker was built in Finland, where Juha Sipila is the leader.
The American submarine NR-1 was built by General Dynamics Electric Boat, a subsidiary of General Dynamics.
A-Rosa Luna is powered by MTU Friedrichshafen which is owned by Rolls-Royce Holdings.
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom where the Aston Martin V8 is assembled.
Aaron S. Daggett was born in Maine and fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg. He was awarded the Purple Heart.
Ab Klink was born in the Netherlands and studied at Erasmus University Rotterdam. He is a member of the Christian Democratic Appeal party.
Stephen Yong Kuet Tze is the deputy of Abdul Rahman Ya'kub who is the successor of Abdul Taib Mahmud who was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and is a member of the Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak party. He lives in Sarawak.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State and studied at the Technical Institute Kaduna. He worked as Chief of the Defence Staff in Nigeria.
Abdulsalami Abubakar served in the Nigerian Air Force and was the successor to Olusegun Obasanjo who was vice president to Atiku Abubakar.
Abdulsalami Abubakar served in the Nigerian Army and was the successor to Olusegun Obasanjo who was vice president to Atiku Abubakar.
Abel Caballero was born in Ponteareas, Galicia, Spain. He worked as a member of the Congress of Deputies.
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia, Spain and is a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party.
Abner W. Sibal was in the United States Army and fought in World War II under the command of Joseph Stalin.
Abner W Sibal was a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th district and worked as a Republican. He was born in Ridgewood, Queens.
Adam Holloway is a member of the Grenadier Guards and fought in the Gulf War which was commanded by George H. W. Bush.
Adam Holloway was born in Faversham and attended Magdalene College, Cambridge. He is a member of the Conservative Party in the UK.
Adam Koc, who was born in Congress Poland, fought in the Polish-Soviet War which was commanded by Leon Trotsky.
Adam Koc fought in the Polish-Soviet War which was part of the Russian Civil War. The commander was Leon Trotsky.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece. He worked as the Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of the Popular Orthodox Rally.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece and worked as Minister for Health.
Adonis Georgiadis is a member of the New Democracy party in Greece, whose colour is blue. He was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister.
Mark Rutte is the leader of the Netherlands where Agnes Kant worked as a member of the House of Representatives.
Mark Rutte is the leader of the Netherlands, where Agnes Kant is a member of the Socialist Party.
Agnes Kant was born in West Germany and studied at Radboud University Nijmegen. She worked as a member of the House of Representatives.
Airey Neave served in World War II and was active from 1953-06-30 to 1979-03-30.
Airey Neave served in World War II and was active from 1974-03-04 to 1979-03-30.
Albert B. White was born on September 22, 1856 and died on July 3, 1941.
Albert B. White's successor was William M. O. Dawson and his spouse was Agnes Ward White who was born in Marietta, Ohio.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born on Staten Island and died in the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island, New York City and died in New Mexico Territory.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island, New York and died in the United States.
Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires, where Horacio Rodriguez Larreta is the leader. The city is governed by the Buenos Aires City Legislature.
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina. He was a rear admiral and Isaac Rojas was his successor.
Alfons Gorbach was born in the County of Tyrol, Austria and died in Graz.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Connecticut and worked as a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district. His successor was Albert E. Austin.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Darien, Connecticut and worked as a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district. He was succeeded by Albert E. Austin.
Allan Shivers was a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4, Port Arthur. He was a Democrat and his successor was Wilfred R. Cousins Jr.
Alvah Sabin was active in Vermont from 1857-03-03. Vermont's largest city is Burlington.
Alvah Sabin was born on October 23, 1793 and was a member of the Whig Party in the United States. The leader of the Whig Party was Henry Clay.
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia, Vermont. He was a member of the Whig Party in the United States, which was led by Daniel Webster.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in the United States and fought in the American Civil War under the command of Abraham Lincoln.
Alfred Moore Scales fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg which was part of the American Civil War. The commander of the war was Jefferson Davis.
Alfons Gorbach was born in the County of Tyrol and died in Austria where Doris Bures is the leader.
Alfons Gorbach was born in the Tyrol state of Austria and was the leader there. He died in Austria.
Alfons Gorbach died in Styria, Austria where the leader is Doris Bures.
Aaron S. Daggett fought in the Battle of Salem Church which was part of the American Civil War and was commanded by Robert E. Lee.
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam and is a national of the Netherlands where the currency is the Euro.
Adam Koc is from Poland where the language is Polish and the Kashubians are an ethnic group.
19255 1994 VK8 has an escape velocity of 0.0925 km/s, a mass of 5.6 kg and an apoapsis of 6603633000 km.
410777 (2009 FD) has a periapsis of 88234300000.0 and an orbital period of 39447000.0. It was discovered by Spacewatch.
66063 1998 RO1 has a minimum temperature of -71.0 degrees Celsius and a maximum temperature of 500.0 kelvins. It has an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 kilometres.
66391 1999 KW4 has an average speed of 37.16 kilometrePerSeconds, a density of 2.0 gramPerCubicCentimetres and an apoapsis of 162164091.8388 kilometres.
1000 Piazzia has an orbital period of 488160.0, a periapsis of 352497000000.0 and an epoch of 2015-06-27.
1001 Gaussia, formerly known as 1923 OAA907 XC, has an epoch of 2015-06-27 and a periapsis of 419113394.55312 kilometres.
101 Helena has a mass of 3.0 kilograms, an escape velocity of 0.0348 km/s and an apoapsis of 441092000.0 kilometres.
Walter Baade was born in Germany and studied at the University of Gottingen. He was the discoverer of 1036 Ganymed.
103 Hera was discovered by James Craig Watson who died in Madison, Wisconsin on 27th August 2011.
James Craig Watson died of peritonitis in Madison, Wisconsin. He was the discoverer of 103 Hera.
103 Hera has an epoch of 2011-08-27, an orbital period of 1622.213 days and an apoapsis of 437,170,000 kilometres.
103 Hera has an escape velocity of 0.0482 km/s, a temperature of 170 kelvins and an apoapsis of 437,170,000 km.
107 Camilla was discovered by N. R. Pogson who was born in Nottingham, England.
The former name of 1089 Tama is A894 VA, A904 VD and it has an orbital period of 1202.846 days.
1089 Tama has an epoch of 2005-11-26. It has a periapsis of 288749000000.0 and an apoapsis of 373513000.0 kilometres.
1097 Vicia, formerly known as 1928 PC, has an epoch of 2006-12-31 and a periapsis of 279142000000.0.
109 Felicitas has a mass of 7.5 kilograms and an orbital period of 139705000.0.
109 Felicitas has an epoch of 2006-12-31, an orbital period of 139705000.0 and an apoapsis of 523329000.0 kilometres.
10 Hygiea has an average speed of 16.76 kilometrePerSeconds, an orbital period of 5.57 days and an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 kilometres.
10 Hygiea has an average speed of 16.76 kilometrePerSeconds, a surface area of 837080.744 squareKilometres and an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 kilometres.
10 Hygiea has a surface area of 837080.744 square kilometres, an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 kilometres and a temperature of 164.0 kelvins.
110 Lydia has a mass of 6.7 kilograms and an epoch of 2006-12-31. Its periapsis is 377016000000.0.
110 Lydia has an epoch of 2006-12-31. It has a periapsis of 37701600000.0 and an apoapsis of 440756000.0 kilometres.
Aaron Bertram is associated with the bands Kids Imagine Nation and Suburban Legends. The genre of Suburban Legends is pop music.
Aaron Deer is an indie rock musician from Indiana in the United States.
Aaron Deer was born in Indiana, United States and his genre is psychedelia.
Aaron Turner is associated with the band Twilight and the band Greymachine. His genre is black metal.
Aaron Turner is associated with the bands Greymachine and Twilight band. His genre is drone music.
Aaron Turner is associated with the band Twilight and the band Mamiffer. His genre is ambient music.
Aaron Turner is a black metal musician who plays the electric guitar. Black metal is a fusion genre with death metal.
Aaron Turner sings and is a black metal musician. Black metal is a fusion genre with death metal.
Abradab was born on November 12, 1978 and is associated with the bands Kaliber 44 and Magik Rapper.
Kaliber 44 and Magik are associated with the band Abradab which originated in Katowice.
Ace Wilder's genre is hip hop music, which has its origins in funk and disco.
Agustin Barboza was born in Asuncion, Paraguay. Juan Afara is the leader of Paraguay.
Al Anderson is a member of the NRBQ band, which plays rock music. He also sings.
Alan Frew is a rock musician whose genre is rock music which is a fusion of country music and bhangra music.
Blues is the stylistic origin of Jazz which is a fusion genre of Afrobeat. Albennie Jones is a jazz musician.
Albennie Jones was born in Errata, Mississippi and is a genre of rhythm and blues which is a derivative of disco.
Aleksandra Kovac is associated with the bands Bebi Dol and K2 Kovac sisters duo. Her genre is pop music.
Aleksandra Kovac is associated with the bands Bebi Dol and Kornelije Kovac. Her genre is pop music.
Aleksandra Kovac is associated with the K2 Kovac sisters duo and Kristina Kovac. Her genre is rhythm and blues.
Alex Day's genre is Synthpop which is a style of pop music that originated from Disco.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, England and died in Sidcup.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in England and died in London, United Kingdom.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, England. He died in London.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester and died in Sidcup. He was a member of the Labour Party UK.
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup, London where the leader is Boris Johnson.
Alison O'Donnell is associated with the bands Flibbertigibbet and Mellow Candle. She is a folk musician from Ireland.
Alison O'Donnell is associated with the bands Mellow Candle and Flibbertigibbet and is a folk musician.
Alison O'Donnell is a jazz musician who plays the voice, bodhran, percussion and the autoharp.
Alison O'Donnell's record label is Static Caravan Recordings and her genre is jazz which is a derivative of funk.
Allen Forrest was born in Dothan, Alabama. He is a solo singer and his genre is pop music.
Allen Forrest was born in Dothan, Alabama and is a rhythm and blues solo singer.
Andrew White is a musician who plays alternative rock which is a fusion of nu metal and new wave music.
Anders Osborne is associated with Billy Iuso, Tab Benoit and Kirk Joseph.
Anders Osborne's record label is Rabadash Records and his genre is rock music. Rock music is a fusion genre with Bhangra music.
Andra is associated with the bands Puya and CRBL. Her genre is dance-pop.
Marius Moga and Andreea Balan are associated with Andra Singer who is a rhythm and blues singer.
Andra is a solo singer and her genre is rhythm and blues which is a derivative of disco.
Andrew Rayel is associated with the bands Christian Burns and Jonathan Mendelsohn. He is also associated with the genre of Trance music.
Andrew Rayel is associated with the bands Bobina and Jonathan Mendelsohn. He is also associated with the genre of Trance music.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Jwaydan Moyine and Christian Burns, both of whom are associated with house music.
Andrew White is associated with Marry Banilow and the defunct record label Universal Records. He is also associated with the band Kaiser Chiefs.
Aaron Bertram is associated with the band Suburban Legends and the genre of ska punk which has its origins in ska.
Albennie Jones was born in Errata, Mississippi, in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group.
The 1955 Dodge, also known as the Dodge Coronet, had a 3-speed automatic transmission and a V8 engine.
The A-Rosa Luna cruise ship was ordered on January 22, 2004 and has a length of 125800.0 millimetres.
A-Rosa Luna has a displacement of 1850.0 tonnes, a top speed of 24.0 and a length of 125800.0 millimetres.
AIDAstella is owned by Costa Crociere and operated by AIDA Cruises which is located in Germany.
AIDAstella was christened on 2013-03-16 and went into service on 2013-03-17. It has a length of 253260.0 millimetres.
The ALCO RS-3 was built by the American Locomotive Company and has a length of 17068.8 millimetres. It has a four-stroke engine.
The ALCO RS-3 was built by the American Locomotive Company and has a V12 engine. It is 17068.8 millimetres long.
The ALCO RS-3 was built by the American Locomotive Company, which was founded in Schenectady, New York. The length of the ALCO RS-3 is 17068.8 millimetres.
ALV X-1 is from the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
ALV X-1 is from the United States where the Native Americans are an ethnic group. The capital of the United States is Washington D.C.
ALV X-1 has a diameter of 1.524 metres and has 2 rocket stages. It has been launched 1 time.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe has a straight-four engine and a coupe body style. It was produced in 1958.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe has a wheelbase of 2160.0 millimetres, a width of 1.55 and a two door coupe body style.
The Aleksey Chirikov icebreaker was built by Arctech Helsinki Shipyard in Helsinki and has a beam of 21.2.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Italy, the capital of which is Rome. It is related to the Fiat Croma.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Italy, the capital of which is Rome. It is related to the Lancia Thema.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is related to the Fiat Croma and is assembled in Arese. It is also related to the Lancia Thema.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is related to the Fiat Croma and the Saab 9000. The Alfa Romeo 164 was assembled in Milan.
The Alhambra was launched on May 31, 1855 and has a length of 63800.0 mm and a beam of 8.3 m.
The Alhambra was launched on May 31, 1855 and is now a wreck. Its beam is 8.3 m.
The Alvis Speed 25 has a petrol engine and was manufactured by the Alvis Car and Engineering Company which was founded in Coventry.
Roy D. Chapin Jr. was a key person at American Motors who manufactured the AMC Matador and the Eagle automobile.
The Antares rocket is manufactured by the Yuzhnoye Design Office and is comparable to the Delta II which is from the United States.
The Antares rocket, manufactured by the Yuzhnoye Design Office, is launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 and has the function of a medium expendable launch system.
Ariane 5 was manufactured by Arianespace and launched from the ELA-3 site at the Guiana Space Centre.
The Aston Martin DBS is related to the Aston Martin V8 which is assembled in Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, United Kingdom. The engine of the Aston Martin V8 is 5.3 litres.
The Aston Martin DBS is related to the Aston Martin V8 which is assembled in the United Kingdom and has a 5.3 litre engine.
The Atlas II was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base and Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in the United States.
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States, where the leader is the President. The country of origin of the Atlas II rocket is the United States.
The Atlas II was launched from Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36 and Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in the United States.
The Audi A1 has a 1.2 litre engine and is assembled at Audi Brussels. It has a hatchback body style.
The Audi A1 is manufactured by Audi and is related to the SEAT Ibiza and the Volkswagen Polo.
Caterpillar Inc. is located in Peoria, Illinois. The company's foundation place is in California. AIDAluna's power type is Caterpillar Inc.
AIDA Cruises owns the AIDAluna, which is powered by Caterpillar Inc., located in Illinois.
AIDA Cruises is the operator of AIDAstella which is owned by Costa Crociere and is located in Genoa.
The Antares rocket is comparable to the Delta II, which is from the United States and launched from Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2.
Ariane 5 is launched from the ELA-3 site at the Guiana Space Centre in French Guiana.
Ariane 5 is launched from the ELA-3 site at the Guiana Space Centre in Kourou, French Guiana.
A-Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft, located in Rostock, Germany.
African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the demonym is "Americans" and the Atlas II rocket is from.
Aaron Hunt played for VfL Wolfsburg, Goslarer SC 08 and SV Werder Bremen.
Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen II and is managed by Dieter Hecking at VfL Wolfsburg.
Abel Hernandez played for Central Espanol, Hull City A.F.C. and U.S. Citta di Palermo.
Abel Hernandez played for U.S. Citta di Palermo, Penarol and Central Espanol.
Adam Maher was born in the Netherlands and plays for PSV Eindhoven and AZ Alkmaar.
Akeem Adams plays for W Connection F.C. and United Petrotrin F.C. whose ground is in Palo Seco.
Akeem Ayers was drafted in the 39th round of the 2nd round by the Los Angeles Rams.
Akeem Ayers was drafted in the 2nd round, 39th pick by the St. Louis Rams.
Akeem Dent was born on September 27, 1987 in Atlanta, Georgia. He debuted with the Atlanta Falcons.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra was born in Iraq and plays for Shabab Al-Ordon Club and the Iraq national under-20 football team.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Shabab Al-Ordon Club and Al Kharaitiyat SC, whose ground is in Al Khor.
Alan Martin was born on January 1st, 1989 and plays for Clyde F.C. and Hamilton Academical F.C.
Motherwell F.C. and Accrington Stanley F.C. are the clubs of the footballer Alan Martin.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. was born on September 2, 1995 in Tampere, Finland. He plays for the Florida Panthers.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. was born on September 2, 1995 in Tampere, Finland. He was drafted by the Florida Panthers.
Aleksandr Chumakov was born in the Soviet Union and died in Russia where Vladimir Putin is the leader.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on February 24, 1989 and plays for FC Alania Vladikavkaz and FC Kuban Krasnodar.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on February 24, 1989 and plays for FC Tom Tomsk and the Russia national football B team.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for AZAL PFK and also for Olympique Lyonnais whose ground is Parc Olympique Lyonnais.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for Olympique Lyonnais whose ground is Parc Olympique Lyonnais. He also plays for US Lesquin.
Sinisa Mihajlovic is the manager of A.C. Milan and Alessio Romagnoli played for the Italy national under-16 football team.
Sinisa Mihajlovic is the manager of A.C. Milan who have Alessio Romagnoli as a player. Romagnoli plays for U.C. Sampdoria.
Daniele Zoratto is the coach of the Italy national under-16 football team which includes Alessio Romagnoli who plays for A.S. Roma.
Alessio Romagnoli was born in Italy and plays for U.C. Sampdoria and the Italy national under-17 football team.
Alex Plante was born in Brandon, Manitoba. He is 1.9304 metres tall and plays for Anyang Halla.
Alex Plante was born in Canada and plays for Anyang Halla. His height is 1.9304.
Alex Tyus plays for Maccabi Ashdod B.C. who are coached by Zvi Sherf and play in the Euroleague.
Alex Tyus plays in the Turkish Basketball Super League for Maccabi Ashdod B.C. whose coach is Zvi Sherf.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow who play at the Otkrytiye Arena. He also plays for FC Tom Tomsk.
Aleksandr Prudnikov played for FC Anzhi Makhachkala and was a youth player for FC Spartak Moscow whose ground is Otkrytiye Arena.
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow, managed by Valery Petrakov. The club played in the 2014-15 Russian Premier League season.
Steve Bruce is the manager of Hull City A.F.C. where Abel Hernandez plays for the Uruguay Olympic football team.
Aleksandr Chumakov was born in Moscow and died in Russia. The leader of Moscow is Sergey Sobyanin.
Luis Miguel Ramis is the manager of Real Madrid Castilla and Abner plays for the Brazil national under-20 football team.
Luis Miguel Ramis is the manager of Real Madrid Castilla and Abner is a footballer who plays for Real Madrid Castilla and C.D. FAS.
Alex Tyus was born in St. Louis, which is part of Greater St. Louis. The leader of St. Louis is Francis G. Slay.
Akeem Ayers played for the New England Patriots and debuted for the Tennessee Titans in Nashville, Tennessee.
Akeem Adams is a member of the Trinidad and Tobago national under-20 football team and plays for United Petrotrin F.C. whose ground is in Palo Seco.
Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen and SV Werder Bremen II. Alexander Nouri is the manager of SV Werder Bremen II which plays in the 3. Liga.
Steve Bruce is the manager of Hull City A.F.C. who have Abel Hernandez as a player. Hernandez played for Penarol and Central Espanol in his youth.
Jorge Orosman da Silva is the manager of Penarol and Abel Hernandez plays for U.S. Citta di Palermo and Central Espanol. He also played for Penarol's youth club.
Abel Hernandez played for Penarol's youth club and now plays for U.S. Citta di Palermo in the Serie A league. The manager of U.S. Citta di Palermo is Giuseppe Iachini.
Adam McQuaid was born on October 12th, 1986 in Prince Edward Island. He weighs 94.8024 kilograms.
Adam McQuaid was drafted by the Columbus Blue Jackets in Columbus, Ohio. He now plays for the Boston Bruins whose general manager is Don Sweeney.
Akeem Ayers was born on July 10, 1989. He played for the St. Louis Rams from 2013 to 2014 and for the Tennessee Titans from 2012 to 2013.
Akeem Dent was born on September 27, 1987 in Atlanta, Georgia. He played for the Houston Texans.
Akeem Dent was born on September 27, 1987 in Atlanta, Georgia. He played for the Houston Texans and the Atlanta Falcons.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al-Zawra'a SC and is managed by Amar Osim. He plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC whose ground is in Al Khor.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra is a member of the Iraq national under-23 football team and plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC who are managed by Amar Osim and whose ground is in Al Khor.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Shabab Al-Ordon Club and Al Kharaitiyat SC. Al Kharaitiyat's ground is in Al Khor and their manager is Amar Osim.
Alan Martin was born on January 1st, 1989 and is 185.42 cm tall. He plays for Crewe Alexandra F.C. and Hamilton Academical F.C.
Alan Martin was born on January 1st 1989 and is 185.42cm tall. He plays for the Scotland national under-21 football team and Crewe Alexandra F.C.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on February 24, 1989. He is 185 cm tall and plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar and FC Dynamo Moscow.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on February 24, 1989. He is 185 cm tall and plays for FC Spartak Moscow and FC Rubin Kazan.
Aleksandre Guruli was born in Batumi and is 178 cm tall. He plays for FC Zestafoni and FC Karpaty Lviv.
Alex Plante was born on May 9, 1989 in Canada. He plays for Anyang Halla and his birth year is 1989.
Alex Plante was born in 1989 in Canada. He is 1.9304 tall and plays for Anyang Halla.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada where the anthem is O Canada and the leader is Elizabeth II. The language spoken in Canada is Inuktitut.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada where the leader is Elizabeth II and the ethnic group is Asian Canadians. The national anthem is O Canada.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada where the anthem is O Canada, the leader is Elizabeth II and the Slavey language is spoken.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar and is a member of FC Terek Grozny. The manager of FC Terek Grozny is Rashid Rakhimov and the club's ground is in Grozny.
Aleksandr Tukmanov is the chairman of FC Torpedo Moscow, which is managed by Valery Petrakov and played in the 2014-15 Russian Premier League. Aleksandr Chumakov is also a member of the club.
Akeem Dent debuted with the Atlanta Falcons and played for the Houston Texans in Houston, Texas.
Steve Bruce is the manager of Hull City A.F.C. who have Abel Hernandez as a player. Abel Hernandez played for Penarol in the Uruguayan Primera Division.
19255 (1994 VK8) has an orbital period of 87888500000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
66063 1998 RO1 has an epoch of 2013-11-04, an orbital period of 360.29 days, an escape velocity of 0.0999 km/s and an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 km.
66063 1998 RO1 has a mean temperature of 265.0 kelvins, an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 kilometres and an orbital period of 360.29 days.
1000 Piazzia has an epoch of 2015-06-27, an orbital period of 488160.0, a periapsis of 352497000000.0 and an escape velocity of 0.0252 kilometrePerSeconds.
Sergey Belyavsky discovered 1001 Gaussia in 2015-06-27. It was formerly known as 1923 OAA907 XC and has a periapsis of 419113394.55312 kilometres.
Walter Baade was born in the German Empire and studied at the University of Gottingen. He was a doctoral student of Allan Sandage and was the discoverer of 1036 Ganymed.
1036 Ganymed was discovered by Walter Baade, who was born in Preussisch Oldendorf, studied at the University of Gottingen and was a doctoral student of Halton Arp.
Walter Baade was a doctoral student at the University of Gottingen and died in West Germany. He was the discoverer of 1036 Ganymed. Halton Arp was his doctoral student.
103 Hera was discovered by James Craig Watson who studied at the University of Michigan and died in Madison, Wisconsin from peritonitis.
103 Hera has an apoapsis of 437,170,000 kilometres and was discovered by James Craig Watson who was born in Canada and died in Madison, Wisconsin.
103 Hera was discovered by James Craig Watson who was born in Canada and died in Madison, Wisconsin due to peritonitis.
107 Camilla was discovered by N. R. Pogson who was born in Nottingham and died in Chennai. The periapsis of 107 Camilla is 479343000 kilometres.
107 Camilla was discovered on March 1st, 2001 by N. R. Pogson who was born in Nottingham and died in Chennai.
1089 Tama, formerly known as A894 VA; A904 VD, has an orbital period of 1202.846 days and a periapsis of 288749000000.0.
1089 Tama has an epoch of 2005-11-26, an orbital period of 1202.846 days, an escape velocity of 0.0068 km/s and an apoapsis of 373513000 km.
1097 Vicia has a mass of 9.8 kilograms, an orbital period of 135589000.0 and an apoapsis of 511592000.0 kilometres.
109 Felicitas has an epoch of 2006-12-31, an orbital period of 139705000.0, a periapsis of 283326000000.0 and an escape velocity of 0.0473 kilometrePerSeconds.
10 Hygiea, formerly known as A900 GA, has an orbital period of 5.57 days and a periapsis of 416136000000.0.
1101 Clematis has an epoch of 2006-12-31, an escape velocity of 0.02 km/s, an orbital period of 183309000.0 and an apoapsis of 520906000.0 kilometres.
1101 Clematis, formerly known as 1928 SJ, has an orbital period of 183309000.0 and a periapsis of 445895000000.0. It was completed in 2006-12-31.
1101 Clematis has an escape velocity of 0.02 km/s, an orbital period of 183309000.0, a periapsis of 445895000000.0 and an epoch of 2006-12-31.
The 1955 Dodge, manufactured by Dodge, has a wheelbase of 120.0 inches, a 3-speed automatic transmission and a V8 engine.
The 1955 Dodge is related to the DeSoto Custom which was manufactured by the DeSoto automobile. The DeSoto Custom is related to the Chrysler Newport and the DeSoto Firedome.
AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft and is operated by AIDA Cruises who are located in Rostock. The owner of AIDAstella is Costa Crociere.
AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruises, built by Meyer Werft and owned by Costa Crociere. It is 253260.0 millimetres long.
The ALCO RS-3 was built by the American Locomotive Company between May 1950 and August 1956. It has a V12 engine and a diesel-electric transmission.
The ALCO RS-3 was built by the American Locomotive Company between May 1950 and August 1956. It has a V12 engine and is 17068.8 millimetres long.
The ALCO RS-3 was built by the American Locomotive Company in Schenectady, New York, United States. The length of the ALCO RS-3 is 17068.8 millimetres.
The ALCO RS-3 was built by the Montreal Locomotive Works between May 1950 and August 1956. It has a V12 engine and a diesel-electric transmission.
The ALCO RS-3 was built by the Montreal Locomotive Works between May 1950 and August 1956. It has 12 cylinders and a four-stroke engine.
The AMC Matador, also known as the American Motors Matador, was assembled in Mexico City and had a station wagon body style. It was powered by the AMC V8 engine.
The AMC Matador, also known as the VAM Classic, was assembled in Kenosha, Wisconsin. It is a mid-size car and has an AMC straight-6 engine.
The Acura TLX, a mid-size car, is assembled in Marysville, Ohio and has a front-wheel drive or all-wheel drive layout. It is powered by the Honda K engine.
The Acura TLX has a V6 engine and is assembled at the Marysville Auto Plant. It is a luxury vehicle and has a front-engine design.
The Aleksey Chirikov icebreaker was built by Arctech Helsinki Shipyard in Finland. It is in service and has a beam of 21.2.
The Aleksey Chirikov icebreaker was built in Helsinki, Finland by the Finns. The leader of Finland is Juha Sipila.
The Aleksey Chirikov icebreaker was built by Arctech Helsinki Shipyard in Helsinki. It is in service and has a beam of 21.2.
The Alfa Romeo 164 was assembled in Italy and has a straight-four engine. It is related to the Saab 9000 and the Lancia Thema.
The Alfa Romeo 164 has a V6 engine and was assembled in Italy. It is related to the Fiat Croma and the Saab 9000.
The Alhambra was launched in 1855-05-31. It is 63800.0 millimetres long and has a beam of 8.3 m. It is wrecked.
The Alvis Speed 25 has a petrol engine and was manufactured by the Alvis Car and Engineering Company, which was founded in Coventry and later became the Rover Company.
The Alvis Speed 25 has a straight-six engine and was manufactured by the Alvis Car and Engineering Company, which was founded in Coventry and later became the Rover Company.
Roy D. Chapin Jr. was a key person at American Motors, which was the manufacturer of the AMC Matador and the Eagle automobile. American Motors was taken over by Chrysler.
The American submarine NR-1 was built by General Dynamics Electric Boat and launched on 25th January 1969. It has a beam of 3.8m and a top speed of 8.334.
The American submarine NR-1 was launched in 1969-01-25. It has a length of 45000.0 millimetres and a beam of 3.8 m. Its top speed is 8.334.
The Antares rocket was manufactured by the Yuzhnoye Design Office. It made its maiden flight on 2013-04-21 and its final flight on 2014-10-28 at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0.
The Antares rocket was manufactured by the Yuzhnoye Design Office and made its maiden flight on 2013-04-21 at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. Its final flight was on 2013-09-18.
The Aston Martin V8 was assembled in the United Kingdom, the capital of which is London. The Aston Martin V8 was succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage which was manufactured by Aston Martin.
The Aston Martin V8 has a 5.3 litre engine and was assembled in the United Kingdom. It is related to the Aston Martin DBS and the Aston Martin RHAM/1.
The Aston Martin DBS is related to the Aston Martin V8 which has a 5.3 litre engine. The Aston Martin V8 was succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage which was manufactured by Aston Martin.
The Atlas II has a diameter of 3.04 m and was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base and Cape Canaveral Air Force Station on 2002-12-05.
The Audi A1 is a supermini and has a 1.2 litre engine. It is assembled at Audi Brussels and has a front-engine, front-wheel-drive layout.
Audi, founded by August Horch, is the manufacturer of the Audi A1 and the Audi e-tron. It is also a subsidiary of Ducati.
Caterpillar Inc. is located in Illinois and was founded in California. The company is the owner of Caterpillar Inc. and the power type of AIDAluna is Caterpillar Inc. AIDA Cruises is the owner of AIDAluna.
AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft and is operated by AIDA Cruises. It is owned by Costa Crociere and is located in Genoa.
The Antares rocket is comparable to the Delta II rocket which is from the United States and launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station and Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0.
The Antares rocket is comparable to the Delta II, which is from the United States and launched from Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2 and Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
The Alfa Romeo 164 has a Sedan body style and was assembled in Italy. It is related to the Fiat Croma and the Opel Vectra which are both means of transportation.
The Alfa Romeo 164 has a sedan body style and is assembled in Milan. It is related to the Fiat Croma and the Opel Vectra which are both means of transportation.
General Dynamics Electric Boat is located in Groton, Connecticut and is the parent company of General Dynamics. The American submarine NR-1 has a beam of 3.8m and was built by General Dynamics Electric Boat.
A-Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft in the city of Rostock, Germany. The leader of Germany is Stanislaw Tillich.
African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where English is the language and Washington D.C. is the capital. The country of origin of the Atlas II is the United States.
African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. and the demonym is Americans. The country of origin of the Atlas II is the United States.
Aaron Bertram is associated with the bands Kids Imagine Nation and Suburban Legends. He is a trombonist and his genre is ska punk.
Aaron Deer is a solo singer from Indianapolis, Indiana. His genre is psychedelia.
Aaron Turner is associated with the bands Isis and Sumac. He is a singer and plays electroacoustic music.
Aaron Turner is associated with Twilight band and Old Man Gloom. He is a post-metal musician and has been active since 1995.
Aaron Turner is associated with the band Sumac and plays the electric guitar. He is also associated with the genre of black metal which is a fusion of death metal.
Ace Wilder was born on July 23, 1982 in Stockholm. He is a solo singer.
Ace Wilder was born on July 23, 1982 in Sweden. He is a solo singer.
Ace Wilder was born in Stockholm in 1982 and is a solo singer and songwriter.
Ace Wilder was born in Sweden in 1982 and is a solo singer and songwriter.
Ahmet Ertegun was born in Washington, D.C. and is a non-performing personnel in the genre of rhythm and blues.
Ahmet Ertegun is from the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. He is a rock and roll musician, a genre that originated from the blues.
Albennie Jones was active from 1950 to 1950 and his genre is rhythm and blues. Rhythm and blues has a stylistic origin in the blues and is a derivative of disco.
Albennie Jones was born in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. She is a jazz musician whose style is derived from the blues.
Aleksandra Kovac was born in 1972 in Belgrade and is a pop music solo singer.
Aleksandra Kovac was born in the Socialist Republic of Serbia in 1972. She is a solo singer and her genre is rhythm and blues.
Alex Day is associated with the band Chameleon Circuit and Charlie McDonnell. He started his career in 2006 and his genre is acoustic music.
Alex Day is associated with the band Chameleon Circuit and Charlie McDonnell. He started his career in 2006 and his genre is electronic music.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, England in 1872 and died in London.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay, where the leader is Daniel Martinez and the people are called Uruguayans.
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Uruguay and is a solo singer. His genre is Candombe and he is signed to RCA Records.
Alison O'Donnell is associated with the bands Bajik and Flibbertigibbet. She is a folk musician and has been active since 1963.
Alison O'Donnell is associated with the bands Mellow Candle and Head South by Weaving. She is a folk musician and has been active since 1963.
Alison O'Donnell's genre is jazz and her record label is Floating World Records and Deram Records which is located in London.
Alison O'Donnell's genre is jazz and her record label is Fruits de Mer Records and Deram Records which is located in London.
Allen Forrest was born in 1981 in Fort Campbell. His genre is acoustic music and he is a solo singer.
Allen Forrest was born in 1981 in Fort Campbell, KY and raised in Dothan, AL. He is a hip hop music solo singer.
Andrew White is a musician who is associated with the band Marry Banilow. His genre is alternative rock which is a fusion of punk rock and nu metal.
Anders Osborne is associated with the bands Galactic, Billy Iuso and Tab Benoit. He is a rock musician.
Anders Osborne's record label is Shanachie Records and he is signed to Alligator Records which is based in Chicago and has the genre of blues.
Andra is a Romanian solo singer who performs dance-pop music.
Andra singers genre is Rhythm and blues, a derivative of which is Funk. Rhythm and blues is derived from the blues and is the stylistic origin of disco.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Christian Burns and Jonathan Mendelsohn. His genre is Trance music and he has been active since 2009.
Andrew Rayel is associated with the bands Jwaydan Moyine and Christian Burns. He is also associated with the genre of Trance music which has its stylistic origins in House music.
Andrew White is an alternative rock musician who has been active since 2003. He is associated with the bands Kaiser Chiefs and Marry Banilow.
Andrew White is a musician who is associated with the bands Kaiser Chiefs and Marry Banilow. He started his career in 2003 and is signed to Universal Records, a defunct record label.
Agustin Barboza died in Asuncion which is part of Gran Asuncion in Paraguay. The leader of Paraguay is Juan Afara.
Al Anderson is a member of the NRBQ band and The Wildweeds, both of which play country music and use the banjo as an instrument.
Drum and bass is a derivative of hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in disco and funk. Allen Forrest is a hip hop musician.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester which is part of Greater Manchester. He was born in England. The leader of Manchester is the Labour Party UK.
Aaron Turner is associated with the bands House of Low Culture and Twilight band. His genre is post-metal and he plays the cello.
Aaron Turner, who plays the electric guitar, is associated with the band Twilight who play black metal which is a fusion genre of death metal.
Albennie Jones, who was born in the United States, is a rhythm and blues singer. Rhythm and blues is a genre that originated from the blues. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Aaron S. Daggett was born in Maine and died in West Roxbury. He served in the American Civil War and was awarded the Purple Heart.
Aaron S. Daggett was born in Maine and died in West Roxbury. He was awarded the Purple Heart and fought in the Battle of the Wilderness.
Ab Klink was born in the Netherlands and studied at Erasmus University Rotterdam. He worked at the Ministry of Health, Welfare and Sport in the Netherlands.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri, Malaysia and is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu party. He lives in Kuching and is from the region of Asajaya.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak. He is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu party and lives in Asajaya, Sarawak.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was the successor of Adenan Satem who was born in the Japanese occupation of British Borneo. Abdul Taib Mahmud lives in Sarawak and is a member of the Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak party.
Abdul Taib Mahmud is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and was the successor to Adenan Satem who was born in the Japanese occupation of British Borneo. Abdul Taib Mahmud lives in Sarawak.
Mike Akhigbe was vice president to Abdulsalami Abubakar who served in the Nigerian Army. Akhigbe's predecessor was Oladipo Diya and his successor was Atiku Abubakar.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was a member of the Nigerian Air Force and served as Vice President under Mike Akhigbe who was preceded by Oladipo Diya. Abubakar's successor was Al-Amin Daggash.
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia, Spain. He served as Prime Minister under Felipe Gonzalez and was in office while Juan Carlos I of Spain was the monarch.
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia, Spain. He worked at the Ministry of Transport and was a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in New Britain, Connecticut, United States. He was married to Casey Ribicoff. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent and attended Magdalene College, Cambridge. He served in the Gulf War and began his active career on 5th May 2005.
Adam Koc, who is Polish, fought in the Polish-Soviet War, which was commanded by Joseph Stalin.
Adam Koc, who died in New York City, fought in the Polish-Soviet War which was part of the Russian Civil War. The commander of the Polish-Soviet War was Joseph Stalin.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece. He worked as Vice-President of New Democracy and his successor was Makis Voridis.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece. He worked at the Ministry of Economy, Development and Tourism. Makis Voridis is his successor.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece. He worked as a member of the Hellenic Parliament and Makis Voridis is his successor.
Agnes Kant is from the Netherlands where the currency is the Euro. Emile Roemer is the leader of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands.
Mark Rutte is the leader of the Netherlands, where Agnes Kant worked as a member of the House of Representatives for the Socialist Party.
Agnes Kant is from the Netherlands where Mark Rutte is the leader and Emile Roemer is a member of the Socialist Party.
Agnes Kant is from the Netherlands and is a member of the Socialist Party, whose leader is Emile Roemer and whose colour is red.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge, London on 30th June 1929. He served in the Battle of France from 30th June 1953 to 30th March 1979.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge, London. He served in the Battle of France and was active from 1974-03-04 to 1979-03-30.
Airey Neave served in the Royal Artillery and fought in World War II. Chiang Kai-shek was a commander in World War II.
Albert B. White was born in Cleveland and died in Parkersburg, West Virginia. He was succeeded by William M. O. Dawson who was born in Bloomington, Maryland.
Albert B. White was born in Cleveland and was active from 1901-03-04 to 1905-03-04. His successor was William M. O. Dawson.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York, where the French language is spoken. Abraham Lincoln was a commander in the American Civil War.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York City and died in Dona Ana County, New Mexico. He fought in the American Civil War which was commanded by Jefferson Davis.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island, New York and died in New Mexico Territory, United States.
Alberto Teisaire was a member of the Justicialist Party and was in office while Juan Peron was president. He died in Buenos Aires. Horacio Rodriguez Larreta is the leader of Buenos Aires.
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina. He was a rear admiral and worked as a Provisional President of the Argentine Senate. His successor was Isaac Rojas.
Alfred Moore Scales was born in Reidsville, North Carolina. He served as Governor of North Carolina and was a member of the Democratic Party in the United States. His successor was Daniel Gould Fowle.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Connecticut and served in the United States Army. He worked as a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district and was involved in the Whiskey Rebellion.
Alfred N. Phillips was a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district. He was a Democrat and was born in Connecticut. His successor was Albert E. Austin.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Darien, Connecticut and was a member of the Democratic Party in the United States. He served as Mayor of Stamford, Connecticut and was succeeded by Albert E. Austin.
Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin, Texas and was a member of the Democratic Party in the United States. He served as Governor of Texas and was succeeded by Price Daniel.
Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin, Texas and was a member of the Democratic Party in the United States. He served as Governor of Texas and was succeeded by Wilfred R. Cousins Jr.
Alvah Sabin worked as Secretary of State in Vermont's 3rd congressional district. He worked in the state of Vermont where Burlington is the largest city.
Alvah Sabin is from Vermont where the largest city is Burlington. He was a member of the Whig Party in the United States which was led by Daniel Webster.
Aaron S. Daggett was awarded the Purple Heart and fought in the Battle of Gettysburg which was part of the American Civil War. The commander of the American Civil War was Robert E. Lee.
Alberto Teisaire was born in Argentina and is a member of the Labour Party. He was in office while Juan Peron was president.
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina and was the successor to Isaac Rojas. He was in office while Juan Peron was president.
AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft and is operated by AIDA Cruises which is located in Germany. AIDAstella is owned by Costa Crociere which is part of Carnival Corporation & plc.
AIDA Cruises operates the AIDAstella which was built by Meyer Werft and has a beam of 32.2, a top speed of 38.892 and a length of 253260.0 millimetres.
The ALCO RS-3 was built by the American Locomotive Company in May 1950 to August 1956. It has a length of 17068.8 millimetres, 12 cylinders and a four-stroke engine.
The ALCO RS-3 was built by the American Locomotive Company between May 1950 and August 1956. It has a length of 17068.8 millimetres and a V12 engine.
The Star-Spangled Banner is the anthem of the United States, where the ALV X-1 is from. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States. The capital of the United States is Washington D.C.
The AMC Matador, also known as the American Motors Matador, was assembled in Thames, New Zealand. It was a mid-size car with a station wagon body style and an AMC V8 engine.
The Alhambra was built by the Samuda Brothers and is owned by the P&O company which is located in London. The Alhambra has a beam of 8.3 m and is powered by Humphrys Tennant and Dykes.
Roy D. Chapin Jr. was a key person in American Motors, which was the manufacturer of the AMC Matador and the Eagle automobile. It was also a subsidiary of Wheel Horse. The company was taken over by Chrysler.
The American submarine NR-1 was launched on January 25th, 1969. It has a top speed of 8.334, a draft of 4.6 m, a length of 45000.0 millimetres and a beam of 3.8 m.
The Antares rocket is launched from Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport, Launch Pad 0, which is associated with the Minotaur IV rocket. The Antares rocket is comparable to the Delta II rocket, which originated in the United States.
The Antares rocket was manufactured by the Yuzhnoye Design Office. It made its maiden flight on 2014-10-28 and its final flight on 2014-07-13 at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. Its diameter is 3.9 metres.
The Antares rocket was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 on the 28th of October 2014. It has a diameter of 3.9 metres and was manufactured by the Yuzhnoye Design Office. It made its maiden flight on the 18th of September 2013.
Airbus Defence and Space is the manufacturer of the Ariane 5 which has a diameter of 5.4 metres and was launched from the Guiana Space Centre on the 18th of December, 2009.
Ariane 5 is launched from the ELA-3 site which is operated by Arianespace and is located in Courcouronnes, France. The Guiana Space Centre is the headquarter of Arianespace and is located in French Guiana.
The Aston Martin V8 was assembled in Newport Pagnell and has a 5.3 litre engine. It is related to the Aston Martin DBS which is the successor to the Aston Martin Vantage. The manufacturer of the Aston Martin V8 is Aston Martin.
The Aston Martin DBS is related to the Aston Martin RHAM/1 and the Aston Martin V8 which is assembled in Newport Pagnell. The Aston Martin V8 has a Coupe body style and is powered by a 5.3 litre engine.
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom where the Aston Martin DBS and the Aston Martin V8 are manufactured. The Aston Martin V8 is assembled in the United Kingdom and its successor is the Aston Martin Virage.
The Audi A1 has a front-wheel-drive layout and a 1.2 litre engine. It is assembled in Brussels, Belgium and classified as a supermini. It has a hatchback body style.
August Horch founded Audi in 1909. Lamborghini and Ducati are subsidiaries of Audi. Audi e-tron is a division of Audi.
Caterpillar Inc. is located in Peoria, Illinois, United States. It was founded in California. AIDA Cruises is the owner of AIDAluna which is powered by Caterpillar Inc.
Douglas R. Oberhelman is a key person at Caterpillar Inc. which was founded in the United States. AIDA Cruises is located in Rostock and owns AIDAluna which is powered by Caterpillar Inc.
Douglas R. Oberhelman is a key person at Caterpillar Inc. which is located in Peoria, Illinois, United States. Caterpillar Inc. is the owner of AIDAluna which has Caterpillar Inc. as its power type. AIDA Cruises is the owner of AIDAluna.
AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft and is operated by AIDA Cruises. The owner of AIDAstella is Costa Crociere which is part of Carnival Corporation & plc and is located in Genoa.
The Aleksey Chirikov icebreaker was built by Arctech Helsinki Shipyard and the builder of the icebreaker is Finland. The leader of Finland is Juha Sipila and the people of Finland are called Finns. The Sami languages are spoken in Finland.
A-Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft in Rostock, Germany. The capital of Germany is Berlin and the leader is Joachim Gauck.
A-Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft in Rostock, Germany. The capital of Germany is Berlin and Andreas Vosskuhle is the leader of the country.
Washington D.C. is the capital of the United States where the English language is spoken. The Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States and the Americans are the demonym. The country of origin of the Atlas II is the United States.
Jorge Orosman da Silva is the manager of Penarol and Abel Hernandez plays for U.S. Citta di Palermo. He also plays for Central Espanol in the Uruguayan Segunda Division.
Aleksandr Chumakov was born in Russia, where Valentina Matviyenko is the leader. He played for FC Torpedo Moscow and the Soviet Union national football team. He died in Russia. The manager of FC Torpedo Moscow is Valery Petrakov.
Aleksandre Guruli played for FC Karpaty Lviv and Olympique Lyonnais. Jean-Michel Aulas is the chairman of Olympique Lyonnais. The ground of Olympique Lyonnais is Parc Olympique Lyonnais. The manager of FC Karpaty Lviv is Oleh Luzhny.
Sinisa Mihajlovic is the manager of A.C. Milan who play in Serie A. Alessio Romagnoli plays for U.C. Sampdoria and is a defender in football.
Sinisa Mihajlovic is the current manager of A.C. Milan, which is chaired by Silvio Berlusconi. Alessio Romagnoli plays for U.C. Sampdoria and is a member of the Italy national under-17 football team.
U.S. Citta di Palermo is managed by Giuseppe Iachini and Abel Hernandez plays for the Uruguayan national football team. He also played for Central Espanol in the Uruguayan Segunda Division.
Sergey Rodionov is the chairman of FC Spartak Moscow whose ground is Otkrytiye Arena. The club's manager is Gadzhi Gadzhiyev and one of their players is Aleksandr Prudnikov who plays for FC Amkar Perm.
Rashid Rakhimov is the manager of FC Terek Grozny, whose ground is in Grozny. Sergey Rodionov is the chairman of FC Spartak Moscow, where Aleksandr Prudnikov plays.
Rashid Rakhimov is the manager of FC Terek Grozny. The club's ground is in Grozny. The club's youth club is FC Spartak Moscow. Aleksandr Prudnikov is a member of FC Terek Grozny and played for FC Dynamo Moscow.
Aleksandr Chumakov was born in the Soviet Union and played for the Soviet Union national football team. He also played for FC Torpedo Moscow in the 2014-15 season of the Russian Premier League. Valery Petrakov is the manager of FC Torpedo Moscow.
Thomas Doll is the manager of Ferencvarosi TC, whose chairman is Gabor Kubatov. Akeem Adams plays for United Petrotrin F.C., whose ground is in Palo Seco.
Thomas Doll is the manager of Ferencvarosi TC who are chaired by Gabor Kubatov. Akeem Adams plays for United Petrotrin F.C. who play at the Palo Seco Velodrome.
19255 1994 VK8 has a mass of 5.6 kilograms, an orbital period of 878885000000.0, a periapsis of 6155910000000.0 and an apoapsis of 6603633000.0 kilometres.
101 Helena was discovered by James Craig Watson on 15th August 1868. He was born in Canada and graduated from the University of Michigan. He died in Madison, Wisconsin.
James Craig Watson was born in Canada and studied at the University of Michigan. He died in Madison, Wisconsin from peritonitis. He was the discoverer of 101 Helena.
Walter Baade was born in the German Empire and studied at the University of Gottingen. He was a doctoral student of Allan Sandage and was the discoverer of 1036 Ganymed. He died in Gottingen.
Walter Baade was born in the German Empire and graduated from the University of Gottingen. He was a doctoral student of Halton Arp and Allan Sandage. He was the discoverer of 1036 Ganymed.
1036 Ganymed was discovered by Walter Baade who was born in the German Empire. He studied at the University of Gottingen and was a doctoral student of Allan Sandage.
103 Hera was discovered on September 7th, 1868 by James Craig Watson who was born in Canada and graduated from the University of Michigan. He died in Madison, Wisconsin.
103 Hera has a periapsis of 371240000 kilometres and was discovered by James Craig Watson who was born in Canada and graduated from the University of Michigan. He died in Madison, Wisconsin.
107 Camilla has a periapsis of 479343000 kilometres, an apoapsis of 560937000 kilometres and an orbital period of 2368.05 days. It was discovered by B. Zellner and the epoch is 2006-12-31.
107 Camilla has a periapsis of 479343000 kilometres, an apoapsis of 560937000 kilometres and an orbital period of 2368.05 days. It was discovered by C. Woods and has an epoch of 2006-12-31.
107 Camilla has an epoch of 2006-12-31, an orbital period of 2368.05 days, a periapsis of 479343000.0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 560937000.0 kilometres. It was discovered by F. Vilas.
107 Camilla has an absolute magnitude of 7.08 and was discovered by N.R. Pogson who was born in Nottingham, England and died in Chennai.
1089 Tama (formerly A919 HA; 1927 WB) has an escape velocity of 0.0068 km/s, an orbital period of 1202.846 days and an apoapsis of 373513000 km.
1101 Clematis has an escape velocity of 0.02 km/s, a mass of 5.7 kg and an orbital period of 183309000.0 and an apoapsis of 520906000.0 kilometres.
11264 Claudiomaccone has an orbital period of 1513.722 days, a periapsis of 296521000.0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 475426000.0 kilometres. Its temperature is 173.0 kelvins.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born on May 21, 1936 in Miri, Malaysia. He is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu party and lives in Kuching.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu party. He is the successor of Adenan Satem and resides at Demak Jaya Jalan Bako, Kuching, Sarawak. Abdul Taib Mahmud studied at the University of Adelaide.
Mike Akhigbe served in the Nigerian Navy and was vice president to Abdulsalami Abubakar who served from 1999-05-29. Akhigbe's predecessor was Oladipo Diya and his successor was Atiku Abubakar.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was a member of the Nigerian Army and served as Vice President from 1998 to 1999. His predecessor was Oladipo Diya and his successor was Olusegun Obasanjo.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in Connecticut, served as Governor of Connecticut and was a member of the Democratic Party in the United States. He died in the United States.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in Connecticut, worked as United States Secretary of Health, Education and Welfare and was a member of the Democratic Party. He died in New York City.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in Connecticut, United States. He was married to Casey Ribicoff and died in New York. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent and served in the Grenadier Guards. He was a member of parliament for Gravesham from 2005-05-05 and attended Magdalene College, Cambridge.
Adam Holloway was born in Faversham, Kent, England. He served in the Grenadier Guards and graduated from Magdalene College, Cambridge. He has been a member of the Conservative Party UK since 2005-05-05.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece. He is the successor of Makis Voridis and was in office while Prime Minister with Antonis Samaras and Konstantinos Mitsotakis.
Mark Rutte is the leader of the Netherlands. Emile Roemer is a member of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands. Emile Roemer and Agnes Kant both worked at the House of Representatives in the Netherlands.
Mark Rutte and Khadija Arib are the leaders of the House of Representatives in the Netherlands, where Agnes Kant was born and worked as a member of the House of Representatives. She now lives in Doesburg.
Mark Rutte is the leader of the Netherlands and Emile Roemer is a member of the Socialist Party of the Netherlands. Agnes Kant is from the Netherlands and lives in Doesburg.
Albert B. White was born on September 22, 1856 in Parkersburg, West Virginia. He died on July 3, 1941.
Albert B. White was born in Cleveland and died in Parkersburg, West Virginia. His spouse was Agnes Ward White and his successor was William M. O. Dawson who was born in Bloomington, Maryland.
Albert B. White was born in Cleveland, Ohio on March 4, 1905. He served as Governor of West Virginia from 1905 to 1909. His spouse was Agnes Ward White and his successor was William M. O. Dawson.
Albert B. White was born in Cleveland and was a member of the Republican Party in the United States. He was the successor to William M. O. Dawson and was active from 1901-03-04 to 1905-03-04.
Alberto Teisaire was in office while Juan Peron was president. He died in Buenos Aires where Horacio Rodriguez Larreta is the leader. Eva Peron was Juan Peron's spouse and he was a member of the Labour Party in Argentina.
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina on May 20, 1891. He was a rear admiral and worked as a Provisional President of the Argentine Senate. Isaac Rojas was his successor.
Alfons Gorbach was born in the state of Tyrol, Austria and died in Styria, Graz. He was a member of the Austrian People's Party.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, Tyrol state and died in Styria, Graz. He was a member of the Austrian People's Party.
Alvah Sabin was born in Vermont's 3rd congressional district on March 3, 1857 and died in Sycamore, Illinois. He was active from 1857 to 1857.
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia, Vermont and died in Sycamore, Illinois. He represented Vermont's 3rd congressional district. Vermont's largest city is Burlington.
Alfred Moore Scales fought in the Battle of Gettysburg which was part of the American Civil War. Scales was born in the United States where the Native Americans are an ethnic group. Jefferson Davis was a commander in the Civil War.
Alfred Moore Scales fought in the Siege of Petersburg which was part of the American Civil War. Jefferson Davis was the commander of the American Civil War. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Juan Peron was a member of the Labour Party in Argentina and was married to Eva Peron. Alberto Teisaire was born in Argentina and served as president while Juan Peron was in office. The language spoken in Argentina is Spanish.
Aaron Bertram is associated with the bands Kids Imagine Nation and Suburban Legends. He is a trombonist and his genre is Ska punk which is a style of punk rock.
Aaron Deer was born in Indiana, United States. He is a solo singer in the genre of indie rock and is associated with the band Wee Giant.
Aaron Turner was born in the United States in 1995. He is associated with the bands Old Man Gloom and Lotus Eaters. His genre is black metal and he has been active since 1995.
Aaron Turner was born in Massachusetts in 1995. He is associated with the bands Twilight and Lotus Eaters. His genre is sludge metal and he is associated with the band Twilight.
Abradab was born on November 12, 1978 in Katowice, Poland. He is associated with the band Kaliber 44 and the rapper Magik.
Ace Wilder was born on July 23, 1982 in Sweden. He is a solo singer and his occupation is singing.
Ace Wilder was born on July 23, 1982 in Stockholm. He is a solo singer and songwriter.
Ace Wilder's genre is hip hop music, a subgenre of gangsta rap. Hip hop music is derived from funk and is a derivative of drum and bass.
Ace Wilder's genre is Hip hop music which is a derivative of Drum and bass. Hip hop music originated from Funk and is also the stylistic origin of Disco. Ace Wilder was born in Sweden.
Al Anderson, a member of the NRBQ band, was born in Windsor, Connecticut in 1947. The band's genre is rock music and they were active from 1966 to 2004.
Al Anderson, a member of the NRBQ band, plays the guitar. He is associated with the band NRBQ and the musical artist, NRBQ. Rock music is a fusion of Bhangra music and country music.
Alan Frew was born in Coatbridge, Newmarket, Ontario, Canada. He is a solo singer and a musician.
Aleksandra Kovac was born in the Socialist Republic of Serbia in 1972. She is a solo singer and her genre is pop music which is a fusion of disco.
Aleksandra Kovac is a rhythm and blues solo singer who started her career in 1990. She is associated with the bands K2 Kovac sisters duo and Kornelije Kovac.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, England in 1872. He died in London.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester and died in Sidcup, London. The leader of the European Parliament is Boris Johnson.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester and died in Sidcup, London. He was a member of the Labour Party UK.
Alison O'Donnell is associated with the bands Flibbertigibbet and Mellow Candle. Her genre is folk music of Ireland and she is signed to the record label Floating World Records. She started her career in 1963.
Alison O'Donnell's genre is jazz, a derivative of which is funk. She is signed to Stanyan Records and Deram Records, both of which are located in London.
Alison O'Donnell is a jazz musician who plays the autoharp. Jazz is derived from folk music and is a fusion of jazz and funk. Alison O'Donnell's instrument is the autoharp.
Alison O'Donnell plays the voice, bodhran, percussion and the autoharp. She is a jazz musician, a genre that originates from the blues and is a fusion of Afrobeat.
Allen Forrest was born in 1981 in Dothan, Alabama. He is a solo singer and plays acoustic music. He was born in Fort Campbell.
Anders Osborne is a rock musician who has been active since 1989. He is associated with Billy Iuso, Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars and Galactic.
Anders Osborne is a blues musician who has been active since 1989. He is associated with Galactic, Tab Benoit and Billy Iuso.
Andra Singer was born in 1986 in Campia Turzii. She is a solo singer and a judge on reality television. Her genre is dance-pop.
Andra, who was born in Romania in 1986, is a solo singer whose genre is rhythm and blues.
Andrew Rayel is associated with the bands Armin van Buuren, Bobina, Mark Sixma, Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano, Bergheau, Jonny Rose, Sylvia Tosun, Lira Yin and Alexandra Badoi. He is a trance musician, a genre of pop music.
Andrew Rayel was born in Chisinau, Moldova in 1991. He is associated with the bands Christian Burns and Armin van Buuren. His genre is Trance music and he has been active since 2009.
Andrew Rayel was born in Chisinau, Moldova in 1991. He is associated with the bands Jwaydan Moyine and Bobina. His genre is Trance music and he has been active since 2009.
Andrew Rayel plays the string instrument and is associated with Jwaydan Moyine, John Digweed and Christian Burns. His genre is Trance music.
Andrew White is a musician who is associated with the bands Kaiser Chiefs and Marry Banilow. He has been active since 2003 and his record labels are B-Unique Records and Polydor Records.
Allen Forrest was born at Fort Campbell and is a hip hop musician. Hip hop music is derived from funk and the stylistic origin of hip hop music is disco.
Allen Forrest, who was born in 1981, is a hip hop musician. Hip hop music is a derivative of funk and the stylistic origin of hip hop music is disco.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester and died in Sidcup, London. He was the leader of the Parliament of the United Kingdom.
Agustin Barboza was born in Asuncion, Paraguay, where the leader is Juan Afara and the ethnic group is Mestizo. Spanish is spoken in Paraguay. Agustin Barboza died in Paraguay.
Andrew White is a musician whose genre is alternative rock. He is signed to B-Unique Records and Polydor Records which are both located in London. He is also a fan of nu metal.
Andrew White is a musician who plays alternative rock. He is signed to Polydor Records, which is located in London. He is also signed to Universal Records, which is a defunct record label. White's genre is nu metal.
Al Anderson is a member of the NRBQ band. He plays the guitar and is a member of the rock music genre which has its origins in country music and blues. Bhangra music is a fusion genre of rock music.
Blues is the stylistic origin of rock music, which is a fusion genre of Bhangra music. Rock music is also the genre of Al Anderson of the NRBQ band. The banjo is an instrument used in country music.
Aaron Turner is associated with the bands Old Man Gloom and Twilight. He plays the electric guitar and is associated with the genre of black metal which is a fusion of death metal.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay where the leader is Daniel Martinez and the language spoken is Spanish. The leader of Uruguay is Raul Fernando Sendic Rodriguez.
