The generated text is : 
The generated text is : The Velvet Underground album Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes was preceded by the album Squeeze, which was followed by the live album 1969: The Velvet Underground Live.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva died on the 9th of December, 1991.
The generated text is : Saint Petersburg, where Olga Bondareva died, was founded on the 27th of May, 1703 and has a total area of approximately 1439 km2.
The generated text is : The telephone area code for Darlington is 01325.
The generated text is : Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes's genre is rock, and is preceded by the Velvet Underground album Squeeze, which was preceded by the compilation album Andy Warhol's Velvet Underground Featuring Nico.
The generated text is : Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes created and produced by The Velvet Underground with runtime of 230.05 minutes was recorded in was St. Louis Missouri, United States. The Rock genre album was recorded through Polydor Records.
The generated text is : Train followed its song Mermaid, from its California 37 album, which was was produced by the production team Espionage, with a song titled Imagine.
The generated text is : English Without Tears, an 89 minute film written by Terence Rattigan, features the cinematography of Bernard Knowles.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson, a professional botanist who was married to George Monson, died on February 18th, 1776.
The generated text is : Amund Bjorklund and Espen Lind are writers of the 3.16 minute reggae song Mermaid by Train that was released under Sony Music Entertainment and Columbia Records.
The generated text is : “It's Great to Be Young” (1956) was written by Ted Willis and features music by Louis Levy. A main role in the movie was given to Cecil Parker.
The generated text is : Year of No Light self-produced their album Nord. The album was released under the label Crucial Blast on September 6th, 2006. Nord falls into the sludge metal and post-metal genres.
The generated text is : Super Capers is a 98 minute movie starring Michael Rooker and Tom Sizemore. It was written and directed by Ray Griggs. It had a budget of $2,000,000.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva was influenced by Andrzej Piotr Ruszczyński.
The generated text is : Harry Carey, born in 1878, wrote and appeared in the movie McVeagh of the South Seas.
The generated text is : Live at Roadburn 2008 was preceded by the album Nord played by Year of No Light.
The generated text is : Olga Nikolaevna Bondareva, known for the Bondareva-Shapley theorem, was born on April 27, 1937 and died in Saint Petersburg.
The generated text is : The song Mermaid, by Train, is a Sony Music Entertainment release produced by Stargate along with the production team Espionage. Mermaid, written by Amund Bjorklund, is followed by John Lennon's Imagine.
The generated text is : The Year of No Light album Nord with runtime of 58.41 minutes was released by the artist on the date 2006-09-06. It was preceded by Year of No Light's album Demo 2004 and followed by Year of No Light's album Live at Roadburn 2008.
The generated text is : The spouse of George Monson is Lady Anne Monson.
The generated text is : The rock album Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes was produced and recorded by the Velvet Underground in St. Louis, Missouri, USA.
The generated text is : Nord is an album by Year of No Light, which is associated with the band Monarch.
The generated text is : The 89 minute movie ´English Without Tears´ was directed by Harold French, and released on 7-28-1944. The songs used throughout the movie were composed by Nicholas Brodszky.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva is an economist.
The generated text is : Nicholas Brodszky composed music of the movie English Without Tears.
The generated text is : Cecil Parker starred in the 1956 movie It's Great to Be Young.
The generated text is : Super Capers is directed by Ray Griggs.
The generated text is : The Year of No Light self produced album Nord, a sludge and post-metal genre was released on September 6, 2006. Its record label is Crucial Blast and was followed by Live at Roadburn 2008.
The generated text is : Train released Mermaid, produced by the Espionage team, shortly before covering John Lennon's Imagine. Imagine by John Lennon earned the FIMI certification.
The generated text is : Expect a Miracle is an easy listening album.
The generated text is : The Velvet Underground album Squeeze was followed by the live album 1969: The Velvet Underground Live.
The generated text is : The Bootleg Series Volume I: The Quine Tapes, produced and created by The Velvet Underground with run time of 230.05 minutes was recorded in the United States. It belongs to rock genre.
The generated text is : Roadside Attractions distributed Super Capers which was also distributed by the public company Lionsgate.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy is of Turkish nationality.
The generated text is : Train released their song Mermaid on December 27th, 2012. The song was written by Amund Bjorklund and Espen Lind, and runs three minutes and sixteen seconds long. Train's most recent song before Mermaid was This'll Be My Year.
The generated text is : General Relativity is Brandon Carter's professional field.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva is known for the Bondareva-Shapley theorem, described by Olga Nikolaevna Bondareva in Leningrad State University.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva is a professional in the field of mathematical optimization who went to Humboldt University.
The generated text is : Anatole de Grunwald was the producer of 'English Without Tears'.
The generated text is : Southern sludge is a subgenre of sludge metal.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva, born in Leningrad, USSR on the date April 27, 1937 as "Olga Nikolaevna Bondareva", is alumni of Leningrad State University and known for the Bondareva-Shapley theorem.
The generated text is : It's Great to Be Young is a 1956 film which received £282,838 and featured John Mills in the lead role.
The generated text is : The movie English Without Tears was written by Anatole de Grunwald and Terence Rattigan, who died in 1977, and directed by Harold French, who has been acting since 1920.
The generated text is : The postal codes within Darlington are DL1, DL2, and DL3.
The generated text is : An inhabitant of Turkey is called a Turk.
The generated text is : The film Super Capers is written by Ray Griggs and stars Danielle Harris. The film's running time is 98 minutes.
The generated text is : Harold French who was born in 1897 directed the film, English Without tears. Terence Rattigan wrote the movie and died on November 30th, 1977.
The generated text is : John Mills played the leading role in the 1956 movie It's Great to be Young which had Gilbert Taylor as cinematographer.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva (born on April 27, 1937) graduated from Leningrad State University, and died on the ninth of December 1991.
The generated text is : Harry Carey, an actor born in 1878, was the director and writer for the film McVeagh of the South Seas which was produced by the Progressive Motion Picture Company.
The generated text is : The 94 minutes long 1956 movie It's Great to Be Young was directed by Cyril Frankel and starred Cecil Parker.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva died in Saint Petersburg, a town which has an area of 1439 km2.
The generated text is : HBO broadcasted film, Death on a Factory Farm, was directed and produced by Tom Simon. Jamie Lawrence composed the music.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva was born on April 27, 1937 in Leningrad, part of the USSR.
The generated text is : The Kingdom of England was a unitary state.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva currently lives in the United States where one of the leaders of the country is the Vice President.
The generated text is : The post-metal and sludge metal album Nord by The Year of No Light, produced by Year of No Light was released on September 6, 2008 and was preceded by the album Live at Roadburn 2008.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva was born in Leningrad, USSR and died in Saint Petersburg.
The generated text is : Year of No Light is the artist and producer of the album Nord, which was released on September 6, 2006. It is in the sludge metal genre. It preceded Live at Roadburn 2008.
The generated text is : The album Nord by the Year of No Light, who also produced it was released by the record label Crucial blast. The album Nord was followed with the album Live at Roadburn 2008.
The generated text is : The leader of India is Pranab Mukherjee.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy resides in Istanbul which is in Turkey whose type of government is s unitary state.
The generated text is : Proto-punk is the genre of the Velvet Underground.
The generated text is : On 1994-07-28,English Without Tears a 89 minutes long was released which is written by Terence Rattigan,done by Alan Jaggs and composed by Nicholas Brodszky.
The generated text is : Tom Simon and Sarah Teale directed the 83 minute movie Death on a Factory Farm which was edited by Geof Bartz. Jamie Lawrence composed music for this movie which was broadcasted by HBO.
The generated text is : The Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes, which was preceded by the album Squeeze, was released by the record label Polydor Records and recorded under the Universal Music Group record label.
The generated text is : "Death on a Factory Farm" is a film both directed and produced by Tom Simon and Sarah Teale. The film runs for 83 minutes.
The generated text is : The Bootleg Series Volume I: The Quine Tapes is released by the record label Universal Music Group.
The generated text is : 'McVeagh of the South Seas' (a film registered in IMDb, ID 0004319) was directed by Cyril Bruce and Harry Carey, an actor born in 1878.
The generated text is : English Without Tears was a movie directed by Harold French that was released on July 28th 1944. Alan Jaggs edited the movie while Anatole de Grunwald produced it.
The generated text is : Noise pop is a fusion genre of noise rock an example of which is Turn Me On album.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson, who was born in Darlington, died on February 18, 1776.
The generated text is : Pop rock has its stylistic origin in rock music.
The generated text is : Music group the Velvet Underground released album Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes, which have a runtime of 230.05 minutes.
The generated text is : Death on a Factory Farm, with a running time of 83.0, was produced and directed by Sarah Teale.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson was born in Darlington and resides in India. India was was founded on January 26, 1950 and is led by a president.
The generated text is : The Bootleg Series Volume I: The Quine Tapes, produced by The Velvet Underground and recorded in the United States, has a rung time 230.05 minutes.
The generated text is : Super Capers was directed by Ray Griggs who was born in 1974. The movie stars are Michael Rooker and Tom Sizemore.
The generated text is : The producer of Take It Off! is the American band the Honeymoon Killers.
The generated text is : Year of No Light followed their album Nord, released on 06-09-2006, with the album Live at Roadburn 2008. The album is in the genres of sludge metal and post metal.
The generated text is : Adam West was born in 1928.
The generated text is : Expect a Miracle is an instrumental album in the easy listening genre. It is 54:56 minutes long and is a compilation album. Afterplay, by Brian Kelly was released after it.
The generated text is : Take It Off! is an EP in the noise rock genre.
The generated text is : "It's Great to Be Young", released in 1956, made 282,838 pounds at the box office. The film is 94 minutes long and stars Cecil Parker. John Mills also had a main role in the movie, and Gilbert Taylor did the cinematography.
The generated text is : Ted Willis is the writer of the film It's Great to Be Young.
The generated text is : The Train song Mermaid is in the reggae genre that originated in rhythm and blues.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva has a residence and is a citizen of the United States, whose motto is "In God We Trust," and has a residence in the state of New Jersey. New Jersey has an area of water that is 3, 544.04 km^2.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : HBO is a sister station with Cinemax.
The generated text is : The Quine Tapes were recorded in St. Louis, Missouri, United States in which the de facto national language is English.
The generated text is : English Without Tears is an 89 minute film that is directed by Harold French. It is edited by Alan Jaggs and produced by Anatole de Grunwald.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson (died February 18, 1776), the spouse of George Monson, studied the professional field of botany and lived in the Kingdom of England and held British nationality, though she resided in India for most of her life.
The generated text is : 'Death on a Factory Farm' was edited by Geof Bartz and produced by Tom Simon. It is 83 minutes long.
The generated text is : Lucian Grainge is a key person in the Universal Music Group.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy was awarded the State Award for Superior Achievement.
The generated text is : Tom Sizemore began his acting career in 1989; he starred in Super Capers along with Adam West.
The generated text is : The American band, the Honeymoon Killers, self-produced its 35.1 minute album called Turn Me On which was preceded by the album Let It Breed.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva was born January 1, 1958. She is a citizen of the United States and is known for her work with stochastic programming and works in the field of mathematical optimization. She has also developed a theory influenced by Andrzej Piotr Ruszczynski.
The generated text is : Super Capers is a movie in English, which was edited by Stacy Katzman and starred Michael Rooker.
The generated text is : Death on a Factory Farm is a film broadcasted by HBO.
The generated text is : Gregory Allen directed McVeagh of the South Seas which was distributed by Alliance Films Corporation. Actor Harry Carey, born in 1878, was also a director for the movie.
The generated text is : Preceded by the album Pools of Light and followed by Brian Kelly's Afterplay, Brian Kelly's album Expect a Miracle (of the instrumental music genre) has a runtime of 54.56 minutes.
The generated text is : The album "Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes" was written and produced by the Velvet Underground.
The generated text is : The director, film editor, and producer of English Without Tears consists of Alan Jaggs, Anatole de Grunwald, and Harold French. Nicholas Brodszky composed all the songs in the film.
The generated text is : The Honeymoon Killers are an American band performing in the noise rock genre.
The generated text is : The compilation album Expect a Miracle was both recorded and produced by artist Brian Kelly. The album, which is preceded by Kelly's offering Pools of Light, features instrumental music and runs for 54:56.
The generated text is : Harry Carey, a movie actor born in 1878 starred in a film directed by Cyril Bruce, 'McVeagh of the South Seas' which was produced by the Progressive Motion Picture Company.
The generated text is : Mermaid is a pop rock song by the band Train, the origins of pop rock is in rock music but the song is also in the reggae genre whose origin is ska.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva resides in New Jersey, a small state in the federalist country of the United States.
The generated text is : The United States's motto is "In God We Trust." Darinka Dentcheva, a United States citizen, was influenced by Andrzej Piotr Ruszczynski, who is a professional in the field of mathematical optimization.
The generated text is : The drum kit is an instrument of punk blues.
The generated text is : The film Super Capers stars both Michael Rooker and Tom Sizemore.
The generated text is : Super Capers is a film starring Michael Rooker, who was born in Jasper, Alabama.
The generated text is : Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes with run time of 230:05 was recorded under the Polydor Records and Universal Music Group record label in St. Louis, Missouri, United States and released on October, 16, 2001. It was preceded by Squeeze by The Velvet Underground.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy whose birth place is Resadiye, also had his residence in Istanbul with a metropolitan area of 5,343 km². Istanbul is in the Eastern European Summer time zone.
The generated text is : The release date of Nord, Year of No Light Album in the sludge metal genre, is 06-09-2006 with their album Live at Roadburn 2008.
The generated text is : Turkey, led by Recep Tayyip Erdoğan and Binali Yildirim, is where Nurhan Atasoy was born .
The generated text is : In the genre of punk blues, the Honeymoon Killers' "Turn Me On" is a 35 minutes 10 seconds example of noise rock produced by Wharton Tiers for this American band. The band also participated in the production.
The generated text is : Mermaid, released by the band train, is a song in the pop rock genre which also includes the fusion genre Baroque pop.
The generated text is : Universal Music Group is the parent company of Polydor Records.
The generated text is : The 1956 film "It's Great to Be Young" stars Cecil Parker. The movie is 94 minutes and was edited by Max Benedict. Louis Levy composed the music for the film.
The generated text is : The Train song Mermaid was written by the production team Stargate.
The generated text is : Jamie Lawrence, who played for Brentford F.C., wrote the music for the film 'Death on a Factory Farm'.
The generated text is : The album Let It Breed is followed by the release of the album Turn Me On.
The generated text is : It's Great to be Young is a 1956 film starring Cecil Parker and John Mills, who had a main role, was composed by Louis Levy, was directed by Cyril Frankel, and has a running time of 94 minutes.
The generated text is : It’s Great to Be Young is a 1956 film that lasts 94 minutes. It is directed by Cyril Frankel and the cinematographer is Gilbert Taylor. It has taken 282,838 at the box office.
The generated text is : The band, Train, produced, "This'll be my year" and followed it up firstly with a reggae song, entitled, Mermaid, which lasts 3.16 minutes, and then with a rendition of the iconic John Lennon hit, Imagine.
The generated text is : HBO’s release, Death on a Factory Farm, was directed and produced by Sarah Teale. Jamie Lawrence wrote music for the 83 minute long film.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva is a United states Citizen.
The generated text is : Super Capers is a film directed by Ray Griggs starring Tom Lister Jr. The film is 98 minutes long. Lionsgate served as a distributor for the film that ultimately grossed $30,955.
The generated text is : Formerly known as The Green Channel, HBO released Death on a Factory Farm.
The generated text is : English Without Tears was a film whose producer and writer was Anatole de Grunwald and whose editor was Alan Jaggs.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva, a graduate of Humboldt University, is known for her work with stochastic programming and currently resides in New Jersey.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva, a United States citizen who was born on January 1st, 1958 had Humboldt University as her alma mater. He was influenced by Andrzej Piotr Ruszczynski.
The generated text is : Turn Me On is a punk blues album produced by The Honeymoon Killers that has run time of 35.1 minutes. The genre of the Turn Me On album is noise rock.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson, born January 1st, 1726, was a British woman who lived in England. Her professional field of study was botany.
The generated text is : Super Capers, starring Justin Whalin, had a box office of $30,955. Lionsgate distributed the film.
The generated text is : Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine tapes were recorded in St. Louis, Missouri and San Francisco, where politician Ed Lee resides.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter, who was born in England, is known for Carter Constant and his contributions to the no-hair theorem. His doctoral advisor was Dennis William Sciama .
The generated text is : The film Super Capers, which stars Justin Whalin, is 98 minutes long.
The generated text is : The Train song Mermaid had been released under the record label Sony Music Entertainment.
The generated text is : Harry Carey was born in 1878 and was the actor, writer as well as director for the film McVeagh of the South Seas, which was co-directed Cyril Bruce.
The generated text is : HBO East and HBO West are timeshift channels of HBO.
The generated text is : Justin Whalin, born in San Francisco, stars in Super Capers. Michael Rooker, born on 4/6/1955, also has a role in the movie.
The generated text is : The movie English Without Tears was released on July 28, 1944. Nicholas Brodszky composed the music, while Harold French directed and Anatole de Grunwald produced the 89 minute film.
The generated text is : The death year of Terence Rattigan is 1977.
The generated text is : Cecil Parker had a main role in It's Great to Be Young, which was written in 1956 by Ted Willis.
The generated text is : Anatole de Grunwald wrote the 89 minute movie English Without Tears which was directed by Harold French and edited by Alan Jaggs. The movie had Nicholas Brodszky as its music composer and was released on July 28, 1944.
The generated text is : The 54.56 minutes Brian Kelly album Expect a miracle was preceded by the album Pools of Light.
The generated text is : Englishman Brandon Carter, well-known for his contributions to the no-hair theorem and the Carter Constant, has established himself as a professional in the field of General Relativity.
The generated text is : Saint Petersburg, founded on May 27, 1703, is the resting place of Leningrad State University alumna Olga Bondareva.
The generated text is : The runtime of the album Turn Me On is 35.1 minutes, with Punk blues as the genre of the album and the artist of the Turn Me On album is the Honeymoon Killers.
The generated text is : Super Capers is a film directed and written by Ray Griggs. It starred Adam West and had a budget of 20000000 dollars.
The generated text is : The Velvet Underground is in association with the group Theatre of Eternal Music.
The generated text is : McVeagh of the South Seas stars its own writer, director, and actor Harry Carey, who was born in 1878. It can be found in the IMDb if you input the ID 0004319. It was directed by Cyril Bruce and distributed by Alliance Films Corporations.
The generated text is : It's Great to Be Young (1956) is a 94 minute long movie starring John Mills. The film, which is in Gilbert Taylor’s cinematography, cost £282,838 to make.
The generated text is : The stylistic origins of noise rock are from noise music.
The generated text is : Jamie Lawrence composed the music for the film Death on a Factory Farm, which was broadcast by HBO (the timeshift channel of which is split into HBO East and HBO West). Jamie Lawrence also played football with Ashford Town (Middlesex) F.C.
The generated text is : The founding year for the Kingdom of England is 927.
The generated text is : John Mills and Cecil Parker star in the movie It’s Great to be Young which was released in 1956. Gilbert Taylor was the cinematographer and the movie last for 94 minutes. Louis Levy composed the music. Cyril Frankel directed the movie and helped get the movie 282,838 pounds during box office.
The generated text is : Post metal uses a synthesizer as an instrument.
The generated text is : The album Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes fits into the Rock music genre.
The generated text is : 'Death on a Factory Farm' is an 83 minute long film which was directed by Tom Simon, edited by Geof Bartz an has music composed by Jamie Lawrence.
The generated text is : The album Turn Me On, a punk blues genre , by the Honeymoon Killers has a run time of 35.1 minutes. The Honeymoon Killers self-produced their album.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva was born in the USSR in Leningrad and died in Saint Petersburg. Saint Petersburg was founded on May 27th 1703 and the leader of the city is given the title Governor.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson was born in England and had British nationality but she resided in India for most of her life. India has a total area of 32875900000000 and Chief Justice is one the leaders here.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy was born on 1934-01-01 and currently resides and maintains citizenship in Turkey. He has a residence in Istanbul.
The generated text is : The pop rock song Mermaid by Train was released on the Columbia Records record label.
The generated text is : The song Mermaid by Train was followed by the release of Imagine by John Lennon performed by Train.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson was born on January 1st, 1726 in Darlington, the Kingdom of England. After residing in India for most of her life, she died on February 18th, 1776.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy was born on 1 January 1934.
The generated text is : The film Death on a Factory Farm was produced by Tom Simon and Sarah Teale and is broadcasted by HBO. Owned by Time Warner, HBO's headquarters is in New York City.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva resides in New Jersey.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva resides in New Jersey where the total area is 22,591 square kilometers.
The generated text is : Mermaid is a pop rock song that is produced and belongs to Train. It was released on December 27th, 2012. The song was released under Columbia Records and is 3:16 seconds long.
The generated text is : The Bootleg Series Volume I: The Quine Tapes is released by the record label Polydor Records, located in London and The Universal Music Group, located in Santa Monica, California.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva, a graduate of Leningrad State University is known for the Bondareva-Shapley theorem.
The generated text is : It's Great to Be Young is in Gilbert Taylor's cinematography.
The generated text is : Sarah Teale produced the 83 minutes movie of Death on a Factory Farm.
The generated text is : Tom Simon is the director of Death on a Factory Farm, which was released by HBO.
The generated text is : The Year of No Light, 58.41 minute E-Vinyl album, Nord was released on the Crucial Blast label on 2006-09-06.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva, who was born on January 1, 1958, was influenced by Andrzej Piotr Ruszczyński.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy, born in Turkey on the date 1934-01-01, is a Turkish citizen currently residing in Istanbul, Turkey.
The generated text is : The album Expect a Miracle fits into the genres of instrumental as well as easy listening music.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy currently takes residence in the Istanbul, Turkey, which is in the Eastern European Summer time zone.
The generated text is : At 35.1 minutes long, Turn Me On was followed by Take It Off and preceded by Let It Breed.
The generated text is : English Without Tears was written and produced by Anatole de Grunwald and it was released on July 28th, 1944. Bernard Knowles was the cinematographer while Alan Jaggs was the editor.
The generated text is : The record label of Nord, the Year of No Light album, is E-Vinyl.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva is a citizen of the United States, where John Roberts serves as one of the countries leaders.
The generated text is : The leader of Turkey is known as the Prime Minister.
The generated text is : Turkey is a country with a total area of 783,356 square kilometers, including Reşadiye, Tokat Province, the birth place of Nurhan Atasoy.
The generated text is : The Bootleg Series Volume I: The Quine Tapes is released by the record label Polydor Records and was recorded under the Universal Music Group record label, of which Lucian Grainge was a key person.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva is one of the known professionals in the field of Mathematics.
The generated text is : Velvet Underground was the producer of the album Bootleg Series Volume 1 : The Quine Tapes which has a run time of 230:05.
The generated text is : The song Mermaid was written by the band Train, record labelled by Warner Music Group, which is on Columbia Records.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy was born in Turkey and maintains a residence in Istanbul.
The generated text is : The Train song Mermaid, which is an example of the reggae and pop rock genres, was released on 2012-12-27. It was written by Espen Lind and was preceded by the song This'll be my year. The song has a total runtime of three minutes and sixteen seconds.
The generated text is : T.S. Thakur was the leader of India where Lady Anne Monson resided.
The generated text is : Train's hit Mermaid was put out by the Sony Music Entertainment record label, followed by Mermaid with Imagine, a song by John Lennon. The release of the song Imagine by John Lennon was then followed by the release of the song Happy Xmas (War Is Over).
The generated text is : Anatole de Grunwald and Terence Rattigan wrote English Without Tears.
The generated text is : Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes was recorded in San Francisco whose timezone is UTC-7, in the United States which has a total land area of 9833520000000 square kilometers.
The generated text is : The genre of the album Nord is sludge metal and post metal. Southern sludge and Stoner sludge are both subgenres of sludge metal.
The generated text is : Mermaid, a pop rock song by Train with a length of 3 minutes and 16 seconds, was released by Sony Music Entertainment under their Columbia Records label.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson was born in the Kingdom of England, which has a unitary state form of government.
The generated text is : People from the United States are called Americans.
The generated text is : The Train song Mermaid was released on 27th December 2012.
The generated text is : Brian Kelly wrote the easy listening genre, "Expect a Miracle" that last for 54.56 minutes. Its instrumental music that was followed by the album Afterplay.
The generated text is : The Train song Mermaid was released by Columbia Records and Sony Music Entertainment record label. Imagine, a song by John Lennon followed Mermaid which again was followed by the release of the song Happy Xmas (War Is Over).
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva is a professional in the field of mathematical optimization.
The generated text is : Written by Espen Lind, The Mermaid song by Train is a reggae song released on the twenty seventh of December 2012. It was preceded by the song This'll Be My Year.
The generated text is : Terence Rattigan was born on January 1st, 1911.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva (whose alma mater is Humboldt University) was influenced by Andrzej Piotr Ruszczyński. She is a professional in the field of mathematical optimization and is known for Stochastic programming.
The generated text is : Super Capers, a 98 minute film distributed by Roadside Attractions, stars Tom Sizemore.
The generated text is : The song Mermaid, by the band Train, is on Columbia Records under the Sony Music Entertainment label, which is owned by Sony Corporation.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson lived from January 1st 1776 to the 18th of February 1776.
The generated text is : Time Warner owns HBO.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson who died on February 18, 1776, was married to George Monson. While her residence was in India, her nationality was with the Kingdom of England.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter is known for his work on the Anthropic Principle.
The generated text is : Jamie Lawrence wrote the music for the film Death on a Factory Farm, which has a running time of 83 minutes and was directed by Sarah Teale.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva was born on April 27,1937 and graduated from Leningrad State University.
The generated text is : Directed by Tom Simon, "Death on a Factory Farm" was edited by Geof Bartz.
The generated text is : Nord, an album produced by Year of No Light, was released on the record label E-Vinyl. It was also released on the record label Crucial blast.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva, a New Jersey resident, is a Humboldt University alma mater.
The generated text is : The musical genre of the album Squeeze by the Velvet Underground is rock.
The generated text is : English is the primary language spoken in New Jersey.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson born in 1726 on January 1 in England and her nationality is English and her spouse name is George Monson.
The generated text is : McVeagh of the South Seas, directed by Cyril Bruce, is a film registered in IMDb with the ID 0004319.
The generated text is : Death on a Factory Farm was a movie produced and directed by Tom Simon. It is broadcasted by HBO and has a runtime of 83 minutes. It is produced by Sarah Teale as well and edited by Geof Bartz. Jamie Lawrence composed the music.
The generated text is : Expect a Miracle is a compilation album, preceded by Pools of Light by Brian Kelly which is followed by the album Afterplay.
The generated text is : Total United States population is 324,720,797.
The generated text is : Born in Darlington on January 1, 1726, Lady Anne Monson died on February 18th, 1776.
The generated text is : The Quine Tapes which are off of the album Bootleg Series Volume 1 were recorded under the Polydor Records record label and they fit into the Rock music genre. The Tapes were preceded by Squeeze by The Velvet underground.
The generated text is : Recorded in San Francisco, The Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes can be found under the record label of Universal Music Group even though the series was recorded under the Polydor Records record label. The Velvet Underground's triple album, The Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes was preceded by their album, Squeeze.
The generated text is : Istanbul is a city in Turkey which has its summer time zone in the eastern European time zone. Nurhan Atasoy is a citizen of Turkey who was born on the first day of January in 1934 and has his residence situated in the city of Istanbul.
The generated text is : Expect a Miracle is an instrumental music piece produced by Brian Kelly.
The generated text is : Death on a Factory Farm was produced and directed by Sarah Teale and Tom Simon.
The generated text is : Brian Kelly works with instrumental music and created the albums Pools of Light then Expect a Miracle having a runtime of 54.56.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva's current residence is lead in part by John Roberts in the United States.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson was born in Darlington, a town within the Kingdom of England, which is now within the UK.
The generated text is : Harold French directed the film English Without Tears, which will run for 89 minutes.
The generated text is : Terence Rattigan's IMDb ID is 0711905.
The generated text is : The leader of San Francisco is the politician named Ed Lee.
The generated text is : English Without Tears, released on 7, 28, 1944, is an 89 minute long film produced and written by Anatole de Grunwald with co-writer Terence Rattigan. Bernard Knowles did the cinematography.
The generated text is : The album Turn Me On was preceded by the album Let It Breed and followed by the Take it Off album.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson (born in Darlington on January 1, 1726) resides in India. She died on February 18, 1776.
The generated text is : The Train song Mermaid had been released under the Sony Music Entertainment and Columbia record labels The song lasts 3.16 minutes and is in the reggae genre. It was produced by the Espionage production team and was followed by the band’s cover of the John Lennon song Imagine.
The generated text is : Mermaid is a train song from "California 37" album produced by the Espionage production team and written by Pat Monahan. Train followed Mermaid with Imagine, a song by John Lennon, and the song is available in the digital format.
The generated text is : The producer of McVeagh of the South Seas is the Progressive Motion Picture Company.
The generated text is : HBO's former name was The Green Channel.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy was born in Turkey and his nationality is also Turkish.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva, originally born to Leningrad of the USSR with the name Olga Nikolaevna Bondareva, is an economist and one of the known professionals in the field of mathematics who died on the 9th of December, 1991.
The generated text is : It's Great to be Young is a 1956 movie starring John Mills and it is 94 minutes long. The director was Cyril Frankel and the cost of production was 282838 pounds.
The generated text is : Max Benedict, who began his career in 1947 edited It's Great to be Young, a 1956 94 minute film directed by Cyril Frankel.
The generated text is : Harry Carey, born in 1878, wrote and starred in McVeagh of the South Seas which was produced by the Progressive Motion Picture Company. The movie was registered in IMDb with the ID 0004319 and distributed by Alliance Films Corporation.
The generated text is : The Nord album was preceded by the Demo 2004 album, has a length of 58:41, and was produced by the band. The release date of Nord, Year of No Light Album, is 06-09-2006, and it is an album by Year of No Light in the sludge metal and post-metal genre.
The generated text is : The song Mermaid was written by the band Train.
The generated text is : Expect a Miracle's genre is instrumental music.
The generated text is : Take It Off! by the American band The Honeymoon Killers was preceded by their album Turn Me On, produced by Wharton Tiers, and followed by the EP 'Til Death Do Us Part.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson was born in Darlington which is in the North East England region. NZ289147 is the OS grid reference for Darlington.
The generated text is : The Year of No Light album Nord which preceded the Live at Roadburn 2008 was released on 2006-09-06.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter was born in England. He graduated from the University of Cambridge, where Dennis William Sciama was his doctoral advisor. Carter is a professional in the field of general relativity. He is known for the Carter Constant and for his contributions to the no-hair theorem.
The generated text is : Tom Sizemore is married to Maeve Quinlan.
The generated text is : The movie It's Great to Be Young, which was released in 1956, has a 94 minute running time and received £282,838. It's Great to Be Young was directed by Cyril Frankel, composed by Louis Levy, written by Ted Willis, and has John Mills playing the lead role. Gilbert Taylor was the cinematographer.
The generated text is : McVeagh of the South Seas is a film registered in IMDb with the ID 0004319.
The generated text is : Bootleg Series Volume I: The Quine Tapes was recorded in San Francisco and preceded by Squeeze by The Velvet Underground.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva, an American citizen known for her work with stochastic programming, was influenced by Andrzej Piotr Ruszczynski.
The generated text is : The area code for Tokat is +90 356.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter is a physicist whose professional field was on General Relativity is known for the invention of the Carter constant.
The generated text is : Expect a Miracle, a compilation album with runtime of 54.56 minutes was created by composer & pianist Artist Brian Kelly. This album was preceded by the album Pools of Light.
The generated text is : Born in Leningrad, USSR, Olga Bondareva attended the Leningrad State University, where she became known for the Bondareva-Shapley theorem. Olga passed away on December 9, 1991.
The generated text is : Brian Kelly, composer and pianist, created Expect a Miracle, a piece of instrumental music.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson, born in the Kingdom of England to Darlington (NZ289147), was a national of the Kingdom of England which dissolved in the year 1707.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter (born on born on 01-01-1942) is a professional in the field of general relativity, known for for the Carter constant and the No-hair theorem. Dennis William Sciama was his doctoral advisor.
The generated text is : Super Capers was distributed by Roadside Attractions.
The generated text is : The album Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes fits into the Rock music genre, in the subgenre of ‘Proto-punk’.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Proto-punk is a musical subgenre of rock music.
The generated text is : The 1956 film, “It’s Great to Be Young,”directed by Cyril Frankel, is 94 minutes long. It was written by Ted Willis with music composed by Louis Levy.
The generated text is : Super Capers is an English-language movie that stars Michael Rooker and Tom Sizemore. It is edited by Stacy Katzman. The movie is 98 minutes long and distributed by Roadside Attractions.
The generated text is : The music group Velvet Underground released a rock album called Bootleg Series Volume 1: The quine tapes that is 230:05 minutes long under the Polydor Records record label. The album was after the Squeeze album by the same artists.
The generated text is : Death on a Factory Farm, an HBO film edited by Geof Bartz, features music written by Jamie Lawrence.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva was born in Leningrad, USSR and was a student at Leningrad State University. Her professional field was in mathematics and economics.
The generated text is : The reggae song Mermaid is included in the album California 37 by Train. The song was produced by Espionage and is distributed digitally. Train followed Mermaid with their cover of the John Lennon song Imagine.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter, known for his work on the Anthropic Principle, was born in England.
The generated text is : Roadside Attractions was founded in 2003.
The generated text is : The demonym for a person from India is Indian.
The generated text is : Harold French directed English Without Tears, a film produced by Anatole de Grunwald that features music composed by Nicholas Brodszky.
The generated text is : Turn Me On is a punk blues album.
The generated text is : The Train song Mermaid had been preceded by the song This'll Be My Year.
The generated text is : The Bootleg Series Volume I: The Quine Tapes, recorded in San Francisco with a run time of 230:05 and released in 2001-10-16 was preceded by Squeeze by The Velvet Underground.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva, known for her work with stochastic programming, was born on January 1, 1958.
The generated text is : Death on a Factory Farm is directed by Sarah Teale.
The generated text is : The Bootleg Series Volume I: The Quine Tapes released by Polydor Records ( London) was preceded by the album Squeeze which itself was preceded by the album Andy Warhol's Velvet Underground Featuring Nico.
The generated text is : The Bootleg Series Volume I: The Quine tapes is a rock album, by the proto-punk band, The Velvet Underground.
The generated text is : It's Great to Be Young stars John Mills from North Elmham.
The generated text is : Nord is an album by the sludge metal and post metal genre band Year of No Light, who previously released the album Demo 2004. Nord was released on 06-09-2006 with a run time of 58.41 minutes.
The generated text is : The album Nord by Year of No Light was produced by the band and released by the record label Crucial blast on 06-09-2006. The album Nord was followed with the album Live at Roadburn 2008.
The generated text is : The film "It’s Great to Be Young" was edited by Max Benedict, who died in 1986. The director of the 1958 film is Cyril Frankel, while the music was composed by Louis Levy.
The generated text is : The Year of No Light album Nord was released on September 6, 2006 and was followed by Year of No Light's album Live at Roadburn 2008. The album was produced by the band and is in the genre of sludge metal.
The generated text is : Darlington is in the North East of England.
The generated text is : Preceded by the Love American Style album and the Let it Breed album, the album Turn Me On has a runtime of just over 35 minutes.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy, of Turkish citizenship and nationality, resides in Istanbul, Turkey. Nurhan won the State Award for Superior Achievement.
The generated text is : John Mills and Cecil Parker play the lead in the 94 minute movie It's Great to Be Young (released in 1956 and edited by Max Benedict), while Louis Levy is the music composer and Ted Willis is the writer.
The generated text is : Some Turkish people are irreligious.
The generated text is : The album entitled Nord in the post-metal genre by the group Year of No Light was released on the Crucial Blast label recorded by label E-Vinyl.
The generated text is : The album by the Honeymoon Killers is titled Turn Me On.
The generated text is : Originally written by Harry Carey, the movie McVeagh of the South Seas was directed by Cyril Bruce.
The generated text is : Michael Rooker was born in 1955.
The generated text is : Bernard Knowles was the cinematographer of the film English Without Tears.
The generated text is : English Without Tears is a movie produced by Anatole de Grunwald and runs for 89 minutes. The music was made by Nicholas Brodszky and it was released to theaters on July 28th, 1944.
The generated text is : Musician John Lennon wrote and performed the song Imagine.
The generated text is : The leader of India is given the title of President.
The generated text is : Tom Sizemore active years as an actor started in 1989.
The generated text is : The town of Darlington, which was the birth place of Lady Anne Monson, is home to one hundred and six thousand people.
The generated text is : Chief Justice is one of the titles of Indian leaders.
The generated text is : The UTC offset at San Francisco is -7.
The generated text is : The Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes was recorded in America in St. Louis, Missouri. This was made on October 16th 2001 and was run for 230.05 minutes. This was preceded by the Velvet Underground album Squeeze.
The generated text is : The album titled Nord by Year of No Light was followed by Live at the Roadburn 2008. Nord was released on September, 6 in 2006.
The generated text is : The 3 minutes and 16 seconds song Mermaid by Train, released on 2012-12-27, was preceded by the song This'll be my year. The song was written by Espen Lind.
The generated text is : The album Turn Me On is an album in the genres of punk blues and noise rock. It was preceded by the Let it Breed album. The runtime of the album is 35 minutes 10 seconds.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter's birth place was England.
The generated text is : Geof Bartz is the editor of 'Death on a Factory Farm' which was released by HBO and directed by Tom Simon.
The generated text is : Pools of Light by Brian Kelly was succeeded by instrumental compilation album Expect a Miracle, with a runtime of 54:56.
The generated text is : Death on a Factory Farm is directed and produced by Tom Simon, edited by Geof Bartz.
The generated text is : The rock album, The Bootleg Series Volume I: The Quine Tapes, was recorded in St. Louis Missouri in the United States and was released on 10-16-2001. The album has a total runtime of 230.05 minutes and was preceded by the band’s album Squeeze.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy is a citizen of Turkey.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy, born on the date 1934-01-01, is a recipient of the State Award for Superior Achievement and is a citizen of Turkey, where the capital city is Ankara and the official language is Turkish.
The generated text is : Mathematical optimization professional Darinka Dentcheva was born January 1, 1958. Known for her work in Stochastic programming, Dentcheva was influenced by Andrzej Piotr Ruszczyński. The New Jersey resident holds U.S. citizenship.
The generated text is : The Velvet Underground recorded and produced the Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes in the United States.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson (born in Darlington in the Kingdom of England on January, 1.1726) currently resides in India and is the spouse of George Monson. Lady Anne Monson died on 1776-02-18.
The generated text is : The Year of No Light's album Nord, released on Crucial Blast, is post-metal.
The generated text is : The producer of the album Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes was the Velvet Underground, which is associated with the group Theatre of Eternal Music.
The generated text is : Directed by Cyril Frankel, the film It's Great to Be Young (1956) stars Cecil Parker.
The generated text is : The film McVeagh of the South Seas has been written by Harry Carey, who was born in 1878, and has an IMDb id of 0004319.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva's given name is Olga Nikolaevna Bondareva.
The generated text is : The movie "Death on a Factory Farm" contains music composed by Jamie Lawrence, who was born on 03/08/1970.
The generated text is : Michael R. Burns is a key person at Lionsgate.
The generated text is : Nord is an album by Year of No Light in the sludge metal genre, of which southern sludge is a subgenre.
The generated text is : Super Capers is a 98 minute film which had a budget of 2000000 and brought home 30955 at the box office.
The generated text is : Turkey has an area water percentage of 1.3.
The generated text is : "English Without Tears” was a film directed by Harold French and produced by Anatole de Grunwald. Bernard Knowles was in charge of the movie’s cinematography. The music throughout the film belongs to composer Nicholas Brodszky.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson was born in Darlington, in the Kingdom of England, on January 1st, 1726. Though Monson lived in the Kingdom of England and held British nationality, she resided in India for most of her life. She passed away on February 18th, 1776.
The generated text is : The album Turn Me On preceded by the album Let It Breed is produced by Wharton Tiers and the Honeymoon Killers, an American band, who are the actual performers of the album. The album lasts 35 minutes 10 seconds.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy, whose citizenship is Turkish, has a residence in Istanbul. The demonym for people who live in Turkey, which is located in the +2 UTC timezone, is "Turk".
The generated text is : Wharton Tiers born on January, 1st 1953, and is the owner of The Honeymoon Killers which is the producer of the Turn Me On album.
The generated text is : Expect a Miracle by Brian Kelly falls until both the instrumental genre and the easy listening genre.
The generated text is : Super Capers, a 98-minute, English-language film distributed by Lionsgate and Roadside Attractions, had a $2,000,000 budget, and was written by Ray Griggs and edited by Stacy Katzman.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson was born on 01-01-1726 and was in the professional field of botany. Her residence is in India, which has a total population of 1, 293, 057, 000 and whose demonym for people from India is called Indian.
The generated text is : Super Capers is an English-language movie that stars Michael Rooker and Tom Sizemore. It was edited by Stacy Katzman.
The generated text is : The American band, the Honeymoon Killers, self-produced its album called Turn Me On, which has a run time of 35.1 minutes.
The generated text is : It's Great to Be Young is a 1956 film which received £282,838, with John Mills playing the lead and Gilbert Taylor as cinematographer.
The generated text is : The Bootleg Series Volume I: The Quine Tapes created and produced by The Velvet Underground with runtime of 230.05 minutes was recorded in St. Louis, Missouri, United States. The rock music genre album is preceded by the Velvet Underground album Squeeze.
The generated text is : McVeagh of the South Seas was a movie directed by Harry Carey and Gregory Allen. It starred Carey and was distributed by Alliance Films Corporations. The movie can be found on IMDb by inputting the ID of 0004319.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter was born in England on January 1, 1942. His doctoral advisor was Dennis William Sciama and his professional field was General Relativity.
The generated text is : The film 'Death on a Factory Farm' was directed by Sarah Teale and is 83 minutes long.
The generated text is : The Honeymoon Killers, producers of the album Turn Me On, are also associated with the band Pussy Galore.
The generated text is : The UTC offset for Istanbul is +2.
The generated text is : The song Mermaid is a reggae song that lasts 3.16 minutes in length and is written under the team Stargate that was led by Amund Bjorklund. This song was followed by the cover Imagine of John Lennon.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva was born in Leningrad, which was part of the USSR, on April 27, 1937. She later passed away in Saint Petersburg.
The generated text is : Dennis William Sciama is the doctoral advisor for Brandon Carter who was born in England.
The generated text is : The song performed by the band, Train, titled Mermaid, was written by Espen Lind and Amund Bjorklund and procured by Espionage. Mermaid was from Train's album California 37 and was distributed in a digital format. The song, Mermaid, was followed by the realease of the cover song, Imagine which was originally by John Lennon.
The generated text is : Polydor Records' distributing label is Interscope Geffen A&M.
The generated text is : Terence Rattigan and Anatole de Grunwald (birthdate 25-12-1910) are the writers of English Without Tears.
The generated text is : Expect a Miracle's genre is easy listening, and is preceded by the Brian Kelly album Pools of Light.
The generated text is : The Year of No Light album Nord, self-produced by the band, was followed by Year of No Light's album Live at Roadburn 2008.
The generated text is : The genre of the album Nord is post-metal and sludge metal which uses synthesizer and singing respectively .
The generated text is : Music group the Velvet Underground released album Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes, which has a runtime of 230.05 minutes and was recorded in the United States.
The generated text is : Super Capers is a film written by Ray Griggs.
The generated text is : Expect a Miracle recorded and produced by Brian Kelly is instrumental music genre and has a run time of 54.56.
The generated text is : The editing of the movie English Without Tears is done by Alan Jaggs.
The generated text is : The album Turn Me On, produced by Wharton Tiers, is preceded by the album Let It Breed.
The generated text is : The total population of India is 1293057000.
The generated text is : Tokat is located in the country of Turkey.
The generated text is : Turn Me On's genre can be defined as punk blues and noise rock.
The generated text is : Wharton Tiers produced the album titled “Take it Off!”.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva's original birthplace was in Leningrad, part of the USSR.
The generated text is : The album Take It Off! was preceded by the album Turn Me On.
The generated text is : John Mills died in Denham, Buckinghamshire.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter, born January 1st 1942, completed his doctorate under the guidance of his doctoral advisor Dennis William Sciama.
The generated text is : The movie "Super Capers" (98 minute length) stars Michael Rooker and Tom Sizemore. The film is distributed by Lionsgate and Roadside Attractions.
The generated text is : Brian Kelly recorded and produced Expect a Miracle, which is a compilation album that has a runtime of 54:56. It was preceded by Pools of Light, also by Brian Kelly.
The generated text is : Super Capers is a film starring Adam West.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy was born in Reşadiye, a town in Turkey. The currency in Turkey is based on a unit called lira. Turkish is the language that is official in turkey.
The generated text is : Jamie Lawrence was born on March 8, 1970.
The generated text is : Sludge metal includes singing, among other things.
The generated text is : Broadcast by HBO, Death on a Factory Farm starred and was produced by Tom Simon and Sarah Teale. It was edited by Geof Bartz.
The generated text is : Harry Carey an actor born in 1878 is the writer and director of McVeagh of the South Seas, which is directed by Cyril Bruce.
The generated text is : Super Capers is a movie starring Justin Whalin that was distributed by Lionsgate and Roadside Attractions. Roadside Attractions was founded in 2003.
The generated text is : The birth date of Michael Rooker is April 6th 1955.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter ,a University of Cambridge graduate is a professional in the field of general relativity, known for Carter constant and No-hair theorem had Dennis William Sciama as his doctoral advisor. He was born on 01-01-1942 in England.
The generated text is : Super Capers was a film distributed by Lionsgate and Roadside Attractions. It stars Tom Sizemore and Michael Rooker.
The generated text is : Stoner sludge is a musical subgenre of sludge metal.
The generated text is : English Without Tears, which is 89 minutes long, was produced by Anatole de Grunwald.
The generated text is : The song Mermaid, which was released by the band Train, was written by Espen Lind and produced by the Stargate production team who are also associated with musical artists Michael Jackson and Benny Blanco.
The generated text is : The director of the movie "It's Great to Be Young" was Cyril Frankel, and the cinematographer was Gilbert Taylor. John Mills had a main role in the film. The length of the movie is 94 minutes and it has taken in 282,838 pounds at the box office.
The generated text is : Brian Kelly, producer of the album Pools of Light, has a new instrumental compilation album called "Expect A Miracle" (runtime 54.56 minutes). Kelly will also release the album 'Afterplay'.
The generated text is : Nicholas Brodszky composed songs in English Without Tears, which was directed by Harold French.
The generated text is : Imagine, a pop song by John Lennon, was released prior to the reggae song Mermaid by Train. After the release of Imagine, the song Happy Xmas came out.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson (spouse of George Monson) studied the professional field of botany. She resided in India, despite being a national of the Kingdom of England.
The generated text is : Death on a Factory Farm is an 83 minute movie produced by Tom Simon. Geof Bartz edited the film while Jamie Lawrence wrote the music.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva was born in Leningrad, USSR and worked in Mathematics and Economics until her death in 1991 in Saint Petersburg.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson was born in the Kingdom of England making her nationality with that Kingdom. She died on February 18, 1776.
The generated text is : The song Mermaid is on Columbia Records.
The generated text is : The Train song Mermaid is distributed in the digital format.
The generated text is : Harry Carey, born in 1878, wrote, directed and starred in McVeagh of the South Seas. The movie was also directed by Cyril Bruce and was registered in IMDb with the ID 0004319.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva ( born on April 27, 1937) was studying Economics at Leningrad State University.
The generated text is : Harry Carey is the writer for the film McVeagh of the South Seas.
The generated text is : The John Lennon song Imagine belongs to the album Imagine by John Lennon.
The generated text is : Super Capers is a 98 minute film directed by Ray Griggs and starring Tom Lister Jr. The movie made $30,955.
The generated text is : The Honeymoon Killers are the producers of the album Turn Me On.
The generated text is : It's Great to Be Young (1956) movie written by Ted Willis and directed by Cyril Frankel. The movie stars Cecil Parker and John Mills, who died in 2005.
The generated text is : Train followed their pop rock song Mermaid with the John Lennon song Imagine, which was followed by the release of the song Happy Xmas (War Is Over).
The generated text is : Death on a Factory Farm is an 83 minute long film edited by Geof Bartz. The music in the film was composed by Jamie Lawrence, produced by Tom Simon, edited by Geof Bartz and is broadcasted by HBO.
The generated text is : The public company, Lionsgate, and Roadside Attractions distributed the movie "Super Capers". "Super Capers" is filmed in English, whose ISO 639-1 code is "en".
The generated text is : Wharton Tiers produced Turn Me On, which was followed by Take It Off!
The generated text is : Indie pop is a music subgenre of pop rock.
The generated text is : The genre of the album Nord is sludge metal.
The generated text is : Train is a pop rock band.
The generated text is : Super Capers is an English-language film edited by Stacy Katzman and starring Michael Rooker and Tom Sizemore. Duration of the movie is 98 minutes, and it was distributed by Roadside Attractions and Lionsgate.
The generated text is : The song Mermaid was written by the band Train lasts 3.16 minutes and had been preceded by the song This'll Be My Year. The Train song Mermaid is in the reggae genre & was followed by the release of Imagine by John Lennon performed by Train/produced by the production team Espionage.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva was born on January 1st, 1958 as a citizen of the United States. Her alma mater is Humboldt University, and she is a professional in the field of mathematical optimization. Andrzej Piotr Ruszczynski was an influence on Dentcheva.
The generated text is : McVeagh of the South Seas is a film distributed by Alliance Films Corporation.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy, born in Turkey and currently resides there, once resided in Istanbul of the country Turkey which has a unitary form of government and 1.3 percentage of its area covered by water.
The generated text is : The film Super Capers, which starred Michael Rooker, was written and directed by Ray Griggs who was born in 1974.
The generated text is : The drum kit is an instrument used in the punk blues genre, which is the genre of Turn Me On.
The generated text is : Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes was produced by The Velvet Underground.
The generated text is : It's Great to be Young (1956 film) was directed by Cyril Frankel, composed by Louis Levy and has a running time of 94 minutes.
The generated text is : The post-metal band, Nord released their album Year of No Light on September 6, 2006.
The generated text is : The genre of the Turn Me On album is noise rock.
The generated text is : The 1956 film It's Great to be Young was directed by Cyril Frankel. The star of the movie was Cecil Parker, and John Mills had a main role as well.
The generated text is : 'Death on a Factory Farm' was directed and produced by Tom Simon.
The generated text is : The 89-minute movie English Without Tears was composed by Nicholas Brodszky, edited by Alan Jaggs, and filmed by Bernard Knowles.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter, born on January 1, 1942, graduated from the University of Cambridge and is an expert in general relativity,.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson was born in Darlington, in the Kingdom of England on 1/1/1726.
The generated text is : The Honeymoon Killers produced album Turn Me On in conjunction with Wharton Tiers. The album’s total length is 35 minutes 10 seconds and it was preceded by the Let it Breed album.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva was born on April 27,1937 in Leningrad, USSR. She was known for the Bondareva-Shapley theorem and later died in Saint Petersburg.
The generated text is : The song mermaid by Train which is produced by the production team Espionage was followed by the release of Imagine by John Lennon performed by Train and is now available in the digital format.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy, whose nationality is Turkish, is a citizen of Turkey. Turkey’s long name is “The Republic of Turkey” and the language spoken is Turkish.
The generated text is : The stylistic origin of reggae is rhythm and blues.
The generated text is : "McVeagh of the South Seas" was directed by Cyril Bruce and actor Harry Carey. Harry Carey, born in 1878, also acted in the film and wrote it. Alliance Films Corporation distributed "McVeagh of the South Seas", and the movie has ID 0004319 on IMDb. The Progressive Motion Picture Company was responsible for the film’s production.
The generated text is : The film Super Capers stars Justin Whalin.
The generated text is : Bernard Knowles was the cinematographer of the film English Without Tears, written by Anatole de Grunwald.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson was born in the Kingdom of England where Winchester was previously the capital.
The generated text is : The Train song Mermaid lasts 3.16 minutes.
The generated text is : The song Imagine by John Lennon followed Mermaid is by the musical band Train. The song Imagine was followed by the release of the song Happy Xmas (War Is Over).
The generated text is : Harold French served as film director of 'English Without Tears'.
The generated text is : Reşadiye is a part of the Tokat Province.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva was born on January 1st, 1958 and is known for her work with stochastic programming. Her professional field is Mathematical Optimization.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva (born Olga Nikolaevna Bondareva, on April 27, 1937) is known for the Bondareva-Shapley theorem.
The generated text is : Harold French has been active as an actor since 1920.
The generated text is : Brian Kelly's compilation album, Expect a Miracle (runtime of 54:56) was preceded by Pools of Light.
The generated text is : Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes, released in 2001-10-16 has a run time of 230:05.
The generated text is : Noise pop is a fusion genre of noise rock.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson, an Englishwoman residing in India, is married to George Monson.
The generated text is : Born 20.11.1894, music composer, Louis Levy, grew up to compose "It's Great to Be Young, a film that debuted in 1956.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter, known for the Penrose diagram, was born on January 1, 1942 and attended the University of Cambridge.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva died in Saint Petersburg, a city founded on 1703-05-27.
The generated text is : Dennis William Sciama was the doctoral advisor of Brandon Carter who was born in England on January 1st 1942.
The generated text is : Train song Mermaid, a pop rock song, was released under the record label Columbia Records.
The generated text is : Johnny Colt and Charlie Colin are the former member and former band mate of the band Train, which wrote the song Mermaid, respectively.
The generated text is : Nord is an album produced by Year of No Light, which is also associated with Altar of Plagues.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva, an economist known for the Bondareva-Shapley theorem, studied at Leningrad State University.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter was born on January 1, 1942 in England. Brandon graduated from the University of Cambridge, whose chancellor is David Sainsbury (Baron Sainsbury of Turville) and his doctoral advisor was Dennis William Sciama.
The generated text is : Year of No Light's "Live at Roadburn 2008" album was followed by the "Karysun/Year of No Light" EP.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva was born on April 27, 1937 is most known for the Bondareva-Shapley theorem.
The generated text is : The film McVeagh of the South Seas with an IMDb id of 0004319 has been written by Harry Carey who was born in 1878, who also had a role in the movie.
The generated text is : McVeagh of the South Seas (IMDb ID 0004319) was produced by the Progressive Motion Picture Company and stars Harry Carey (born in 1878).
The generated text is : Post-hardcore music is a derivative of noise rock.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Hip hop music grew out of reggae.
The generated text is : The album Turn Me On whose genre is punk blues and noise rock has a run time of 35.1 minutes. It was produced by Wharton Tiers.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson was born in Darlington and was English.
The generated text is : "English Without Tears" was written by Terence Rattigan.
The generated text is : Adam West has been an actor since 1954.
The generated text is : Written and directed by Ray Griggs, the main role in the movie Super Capers went to Danielle Harris.
The generated text is : Super Capers was a film with a budget of $2,000,000 that starred Michael Rooker. It was distributed by Lionsgate and Roadside Attractions.
The generated text is : It's Great to Be Young, a 1956 film starring John Mills, runs 94 minutes and made £282,838.
The generated text is : The University of Cambridge is located in the country of England.
The generated text is : Released on 07-28-1944, "English Without Tears" was produced by Anatole de Grunwald. Although Nicholas Brodszky has no background in performing, he composed the music for the film.
The generated text is : The John Lennon song Imagine was followed by Happy Xmas (War Is Over).
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva was a student at Leningrad State University who died in Saint Petersburg, Russia whose leader is Georgy Poltavchenko.
The generated text is : Andrzej Piotr Ruszczyński is a professional in the field of mathematical optimization.
The generated text is : The Brian Kelly album Expect a Miracle was preceded by the album Pools of Light.
The generated text is : The Turn Me On album produced by the Honeymoon Killers is in Punk blues and Noise rock genres.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva (whose given name is Olga Nikolaevna Bondareva), is known for the Bondareva-Shapley theorem.
The generated text is : Tom Simon directed and produced Death on a Factory Farm which was edited by Geof Bartz and released by HBO. Sarah Teale was also a producer of the movie which had Jamie Lawrence as the music composer.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson is a British national who currently resides in India, a country of 3,287,590 square kilometers led by Pranab Mukherjee.
The generated text is : The film Super Capers, which grossed $30,955, is both directed and written by Ray Griggs, and it stars Adam West.
The generated text is : Michael Rooker and Tom Sizemore star in the English-speaking movie Super Capers.
The generated text is : Super Capers, a film starring Tom Sizemore and Michael Rooker, is 98 minutes long. In charge of editing was Stacy Katzman, and the film is in English.
The generated text is : Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes album created by Velvet Underground with a genre rock, was preceded by the album Squeeze and recorded through Polydor Records under Universal Music Group record label released on 10-16-2001.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva, a stochastic programmer and graduate of Humboldt University, is a citizen of the United States of America.
The generated text is : Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes was recorded in St. Louis, Missouri.
The generated text is : Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes was recorded in San Francisco in the time zone in San Francisco is Pacific Time with the Quine tapes were recorded in St. Louis, Missouri.
The generated text is : "It's Great to Be Young" (1956) was directed by Cyril Frankel and is 94 minutes long. The movie contains music composed by Louis Levy, and made a whopping 282,838 pounds at the box office.
The generated text is : Warner Music Group is the record label of the band Train.
The generated text is : The directors of Death on a Factory Farm are Tom Simon and Sarah Teale. The film’s music was written by Jamie Lawrence.
The generated text is : The movie Super Capers is an American film starring Tom Sizemore and Michael Rooker. The language in Great Britain is English and Sizemore started acting in 1989.
The generated text is : John Lennon's "Imagine" is a song in the pop genre.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter graduated from the University of Cambridge which is affiliated with the League of European Research Universities.
The generated text is : Expect a Miracle, in the instrumental music genre, was followed by Afterplay by Brian Kelly.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter is a physicist known for the invention of the Carter constant and for proving the no-hair theorem. His professional field was on General Relativity.
The generated text is : The title for the leader of Turkey is President.
The generated text is : The album Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes created and produced by the Velvet Underground that lasts 230.05 minutes was recorded in St. Louis Missouri, the United States.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy was born in Turkey on January 1st, 1934.
The generated text is : The artist and the producer of the Turn Me On album is the Honeymoon Killers which is in Punk blues genre.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson’s nationality is English.
The generated text is : Resadiye is the birth place of Nurhan Atasoy.
The generated text is : India was founded on the 26th of January in 1950.
The generated text is : The reggae song Mermaid was written by the pop rock band Train.
The generated text is : The 1956 film “ It's Great to Be Young” cost £282,838 to produce and is 94 minutes in length. Louis Levy composed music for the film and Gilbert Taylor did the cinematography. The movie stars John Mills.
The generated text is : The runtime of the album Turn Me On is 35.1 minutes.
The generated text is : The 1956 film 'It's great to Be Young' was written by Ted Willis, and edited by Max Benedict. The film stars Cecil Parker.
The generated text is : "Super Capers" is a 98 minute film distributed by Lionsgate and Roadside Attractions. It was directed by Ray Griggs.
The generated text is : Born on January 1, 1934, Nurhan Atasoy is Turk and resides in Istanbul.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter is known for the invention of the Carter constant and for proving the no-hair theorem.
The generated text is : "English Without Tears" was written by Terence Rattigan, who was born on New Years Day of 1911.
The generated text is : The Year of No Light's album, Demo 2004, was released prior to the June, 6, 2006, release date of the band's album, Nord. An E-Vinyl record label production, the Year of No Light album, Nord, is 58.41 minutes long.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter is known for the Carter Constant.
The generated text is : John Lennon's "Imagine" has a FIMI certification.
The generated text is : Lou Reed is a former member of the band The Velvet Underground.
The generated text is : The album Nord from The Year of No Light was produced by the band then they followed it up with Live at Roadburn 2008 and after that "Karysun/Year of No Light" EP which was produced by Roadburn Festival.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy resides in Istanbul, Turkey, a country where Recep Tayyip Erdogan is one of the leaders along with Binali Yildirim.
The generated text is : The Train song Mermaid was written by Amund Bjørklund.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson was born in Darlington on January 1st,1726.
The generated text is : Harry Carey was born in 1878 and starred in the movie, McVeagh of the South Seas. He wrote it as well and according to IMDb its ID is 0004319. The movie was produced by Progressive Motion Picture Company.
The generated text is : Wharton Tiers was born on January the 1st, 1953.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva is an economist and one of the known professionals in the field of Mathematics.
The generated text is : Cyril Frankel directed the 1956 film It's Great to Be Young starring John Mills. Louis Levy composed music for this 94 minute movie which had Gilbert Taylor as its cinematographer and costed £282,838.
The generated text is : The album Take It Off was followed by the EP titled 'Til Death Do Us Part and preceded by Turn Me On, produced by the Honeymoon Killers.
The generated text is : The television director Cyril Frankel directed the 1956 film It’s Great to Be Young.
The generated text is : The song Mermaid by Train a reggae genre, was followed by the release of Imagine by John Lennon performed by Train.
The generated text is : Following the release of the Demo 2004 album, the Nord album was released which clocked in at 58 minutes and 41 seconds.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy was born on January 1st, 1934, in Turkey. He is a Turkish citizen and still resides there, in Tesvikiye. Atasoy is a recipient of the State Award for Superior Achievement.
The generated text is : The Year of No Light album Nord was released on the date 2006-09-06.
The generated text is : The running time of the movie It's Great to be Young is 94 minutes.
The generated text is : The Train song Mermaid was released under the record labels of Sony Music Entertainment and Columbia Records.
The generated text is : John Mills had a spouse named Aileen Raymond.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva, also known as Olga Nikolaevna Bondareva, graduated from Leningrad State University. She was known for the Bondareva-Shapley Theorem and later died in Saint Petersburg.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva's alma mater is Leningrad State University.
The generated text is : The Train song Mermaid, which is an example of the reggae genre, was produced by the Espionage production team and released on 2012-12-27. It was written by band members Espen Lind and Amund Bjørklund and was preceded by the song This'll be my year. The song has a total runtime of three minutes and sixteen seconds. The band followed this up with their own cover of John Lennon’s Imagine.
The generated text is : The movie 'Super Capers', released by Roadside Attractions, starred actor Adam West. Lionsgate served as a distributor for 'Super Capers'.
The generated text is : The Train song Mermaid belongs to the California 37 Train album.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva, who was born "Olga Nikolaevna Bondareva" on April 27th, 1937, died in Saint Petersburg.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter is known for his Doomsday argument.
The generated text is : Lionsgate offers digital distribution service.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva, an economist that was a known professional in the field of mathematics, died on December 9, 1991.
The generated text is : Noise rock is a fusion genre based on rock music.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva resides in New Jersey, which is in the United States has a Vice President as a title for one of the leaders.
The generated text is : English Without Tears is a film with a running time of 89 minutes.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson was born in the Kingdom of England in Darlington on January 1, 1726 and died on February 18, 1776 after she worked in the field of Botany.
The generated text is : Darlington has a grid reference of NZ289147.
The generated text is : Harry Carey, born in 1878, starred in the McVeagh of the South Seas film directed by Cyril Bruce.
The generated text is : The Year of No Light album Nord was followed by Year of No Light's album Live at Roadburn 2008.
The generated text is : The Velvet Underground, a proto-punk band, released the album Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva is known for Stochastic programming.
The generated text is : Punk blues' is the genre of the album Turn Me On and its origin is garage rock.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter (born in England) graduated from the University of Cambridge and studied in the field of general relativity. His doctoral advisor is Dennis William Sciama .
The generated text is : Anatole de Grunwald wrote the film English without Tears which has a running time of 89 minutes.
The generated text is : Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes (released 10-16-2001) was preceded by the album Squeeze, which in turn was preceded by the album Andy Warhol's Velvet Underground Featuring Nico.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson was born in Darlington, Kingdom of England on the date January 1, 1726 and became the spouse of George Monson before her death on February 18th, 1776.
The generated text is : Born on April 27, 1937, Olga Bondareva (given name Olga Nikolaevna Bondareva), who died on the 9th of December 1991 in Saint Petersburg, is known for the Bondareva-Shapley theorem with the alma mater of Leningrad State University.
The generated text is : Alan Jaggs was the editor and Nicholas Brodszky was the composer in a 89 minute film called 'English Without Tears.'
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson, a British national, lived in England but spent most of her life in India. She died on the 18th of February 1776.
The generated text is : Nicholas Brodszky was a non-performing staff.
The generated text is : The John Lennon song Imagine is preceded by the song Power to the People.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter, whose doctoral advisor was Dennis William Sciama, is known for the invention of the Carter constant.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva, a mathematician working in the field of mathematical optimization, is a U.S. citizen who was born on January 1, 1958.
The generated text is : The film Super Capers starred Tom Sizemore and Michael Rooker and was edited by Stacy Katzman.
The generated text is : The Train song Mermaid written by Amund Bjørklund and Espen Lind with runtime of 3.16 minutes was released on 27th December 2012. It was preceded by the song This'll Be My Year and was followed by the release of Imagine by John Lennon performed by Train.
The generated text is : The Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes, which has a runtime of 230.05 minutes, was recorded under Universal Music Group and released on 10-16-2001 under their Polydor Records label.
The generated text is : Harold French and directed the 89 minutes film English Without Tears which was edited by Alan Jaggs and released on July 28, 1944. The songs of the movies was composed by Nicholas Brodszky.
The generated text is : The current leader of Saint Petersburg is Georgy Poltavchenko.
The generated text is : Tom Simon produced the film named Death on a Factory Farm.
The generated text is : Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes was recorded in St. Louis, Missouri and San Francisco, which has a 628 area code.
The generated text is : The long name of the country of Turkey is "Republic of Turkey".
The generated text is : Lionsgate is located in the US.
The generated text is : Super Capers is a 98-minute English-language film starring Michael Rooker and Tom Sizemore.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva a United States citizen (born on January 1, 1958) developed a theory influenced by Andrzej Piotr Ruszczyński. She worked as a mathematician in the field of mathematical optimization.
The generated text is : The Train song Mermaid was written by Pat Monahan.
The generated text is : The post metal genre album, Nord, by the band, Year of No Light, was released on June, 9, 2006. The Year of No Light's album, Nord has been released both by the record label, Crucial blast and by the E-Vinyl record label.
The generated text is : Death on a Factory Farm was edited by Geof Bartz.
The generated text is : Death on a Factory Farm has a running time of 83.0.
The generated text is : Baroque pop is a fusion genre of pop rock.
The generated text is : Harry Carey, born in 1878, both directed and had a role in McVeagh of the South Seas. The film was also directed by Cyril Bruce.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva, an economist whose birth date is April 27, 1937, is one of the known professionals in the field of Mathematics.
The generated text is : The stylistic origin of sludge metal, such as the Year of No Light album Nord, is hardcore punk.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter whose birth place was England, graduated from the University of Cambridge with Leszek Borysiewicz as its current Chancellor. David Sainsbury also called as Baron Sainsbury of Turville was once a chancellor of the University of Cambridge.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy, of Turkish nationality, lives in Istanbul, Turkey. In Turkey, the capital of which is Ankara, some define the religion as irreligion.
The generated text is : The film Super Capers grossed $30,955.
The generated text is : The noise rock punk blues album by the Honeymoon Killers is titled Turn Me On.
The generated text is : Super Capers is a movie in English.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy, who won the State Award for Superior Achievement, was born in Reşadiye and mainly lived in Tesvikiye.
The generated text is : Louis Levy is the music composer of It's Great to Be Young (1956 film).
The generated text is : Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes was recorded in the United States.
The generated text is : The industry in which Lionsgate operates is the entertainment.
The generated text is : Expect A Miracle is a genre of instrumental music that was preceded by the Brian Kelly album Pools of Light and followed by the Afterplay album.
The generated text is : Monarch is a band associated with Year of No Light.
The generated text is : John Mills had a daughter named Juliet Mills.
The generated text is : English Without Tears is a, 89 minute movie written and produced by Anatole de Grunwald. Alan Jaggs was the editor and Bernard Knowles was the cinematographer.
The generated text is : Phil Spector was the producer of the John Lennon classic Imagine.
The generated text is : Brian Kelly, a composer & pianist, produced the easy listening album, Expect a Miracle.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy, a Turkish national, was born in Reşadiye, Turkey. The total area of Turkey is 783,356 sq/km.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter was born in England on January 1, 1942. He is best known for his work with the Doomsday argument. Brandon Carter studied at the University of Cambridge where his doctoral advisor was Dennis William Sciama.
The generated text is : The stylistic origin of punk blues is garage rock.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter (born on January 1, 1942 in England) is known for proving the no-hair theorem.
The generated text is : Expect a Miracle was produced by Brian Kelly which runs 54.56 minutes, recorded by the artist Brian Kelly. It is preceded by the Brian Kelly album Pools of Light.
The generated text is : "English Without Tears" features cinematography by Bernard Knowles. It was produced and written by Anatole de Grunwald.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter was born January 1, 1942, and attended the University of Cambridge.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva's date of birth is April 27, 1937.
The generated text is : Lionsgate provides the service of broadcast programming.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy, whose birth date is 1934-01-01 is a Turkish citizen and has a residence in Istanbul.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy lives in Istanbul, where the leader is called a Mayor.
The generated text is : Brian Kelly's discography consists of Pools of Light, Expect A Miracle, and Afterplay, in that order.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter, a professional in the field of general relativity, was born in England and is best known for his work on the Carter constant and the No-hair theorem under his doctoral advisor, Dennis William Sciama.
The generated text is : The Year of No Light album Nord is in the post-metal genre.
The generated text is : The Bootleg Series Volume I: The Quine Tapes is preceded by the Velvet Underground album Squeeze.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy was born on January 1, 1934 in Turkey. He is a citizen of Turkey and one of his residence is located in Istanbul.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy, a recipient of the State Award for Superior Achievement, was born in Reşadiye.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson’s professional field is Botany.
The generated text is : Lionsgate, the distributor of Super Capers offers broadcast programming and digital distribution services. The movie was also distributed by Roadside Attractions.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva is a professional in the field of mathematical optimization and known for Stochastic programming. She was born on January 1, 1958 and graduated from Humboldt University.
The generated text is : The film English Without Tears, which was released on July 28, 1944, has a running time of 89 minutes. The film was composed by Nicholas Brodszky, directed by Harold French, edited by Alan Jaggs, and was written and produced by Anatole de Grunwald.
The generated text is : The motto of the United States is "In God We Trust."
The generated text is : The Year of No Light album Nord, released on the date 2006-09-06, is in the sludge and post-metal genre.
The generated text is : The Velvet Underground album Squeeze was followed by the rock album, The Bootleg Series Volume I: The Quine Tapes.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva, born as Olga Nikolaevna Bondareva, was born in Leningrad, USSR on April 27, 1937.
The generated text is : The birth date of Darinka Dentcheva is January 1, 1958.
The generated text is : Harold French was the director of the film English Without Tears.
The generated text is : English Without Tears was released July 28, 1944 and runs 89 minutes long. It was directed by Harold French, edited by Alan Jaggs and produced by Anatole de Grunwald. The songs used in the film were composed by Nicholas Brodszky.
The generated text is : Anatole de Grunwald wrote and produced English Without Tears which was edited by Alan Jaggs and had Bernard Knowles as the cinematographer. Nicholas Brodszky composed the music of the movie.
The generated text is : The area code of San Francisco is 628.
The generated text is : Cecil Parker, who was born in 1897, starred in the 1956 movie It's Great to Be Young.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva, known for the Bondareva-Shapley theorem, was born on April 27th, 1937 and died in Saint Petersburg.
The generated text is : Expect a Miracle was followed by Brian Kelly's Afterplay album.
The generated text is : The album Let It Breed was preceded by the release of the Love American Style album.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva was born on January 1, 1958 and is a citizen of the United States (total area 9833520000000). She developed a theory influenced by Andrzej Piotr Ruszczyński.
The generated text is : Reşadiye is located in the country of Turkey.
The generated text is : One of the key people in Lionsgate is Jon Feltheimer.
The generated text is : The Bootleg Series Volume I: The Quine Tapes created and produced by the Velvet Underground with runtime of 230:05 was recorded under the Polydor Records and Universal Music Group record labels. The Rock music genre album was preceded by Squeeze by The Velvet Underground.
The generated text is : The death place of Max Benedict was London.
The generated text is : Istanbul is in the Eastern European Time Zone.
The generated text is : Born in the UK, Cyril Frankel directed the movie It's Great to Be Young.
The generated text is : Super Capers was distributed by Lionsgate but, directed by Ray Griggs. Michael Rooker played in the movie as well. Michael R Burns and Jon Feltheimer are key people of Lionsgate.
The generated text is : The album Turn Me On is followed by the album Take It Off!
The generated text is : "English Without Tears" was produced by Anatole de Grunwald, who was born on December 25th 1910.
The generated text is : The album entitled Nord, by the group Year of No Light, was released on the Crucial Blast label.
The generated text is : Humboldt University is the alma mater of Darinka Dentcheva.
The generated text is : Super Capers was edited by Stacy Katzman, and its budget was 2000000. It was written and directed by Ray Griggs, and it had a running time of 98 minutes. The film collected $30955.0.
The generated text is : Louis Levy, who was born in England, is the music composer of It's Great to Be Young (1956 film).
The generated text is : The song Mermaid by Train (produced by the production team Espionage) was followed by the release of Imagine by John Lennon (which was produced by Phil Spector) performed by Train.
The generated text is : The Bootleg Series Volume I: The Quine Tapes by The Velvet Underground was released by the record label Universal Music Group whose parent company is Vivendi. Lou Reed is a former member of the band The Velvet Underground.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy was born on January 1st, 1934, in Turkey. He is both of Turkish nationality and a Turkish citizen. Atasoy currently lives in Turkey. One of his residences was in Istanbul.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy's was born in Turkey whose total area is 783,356 sq/km.
The generated text is : Harry Carey, born in 1878, wrote and directed McVeagh of the South Seas. Cyril Bruce was also a director, while the movie was produced by the Progressive Motion Picture Company and distributed by Alliance Films Corporation.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva who was born on April 27, 1937 in Leningrad, USSR, died in Saint Petersburg which was founded on May 27, 1703.
The generated text is : The song Mermaid by Train was preceded by the song This'll Be My Year and followed by the release of Imagine by John Lennon performed by Train and then by Happy Xmas (War Is Over).
The generated text is : Expect a Miracle's runtime is 54.56.
The generated text is : Saint Petersburg (founded on 1703-05-27) is where Olga Bondareva was a governor and where died.
The generated text is : The Year of No Light produced album Nord, which is in the sludge metal genre.
The generated text is : Super Capers starred Michael Rooker.
The generated text is : Super Capers, starring Justin Whalin, is a film written by Ray Griggs.
The generated text is : The 1956 film "It's Great to Be Young" (1956) stars John Mills and Cecil Parker for 94 minutes in Gilbert Taylor's cinematography. Cyril Frankel directed the film, which cost $282,838.
The generated text is : Expect A Miracle, a compilation album recorded and produced by the artist, Brian Kelly, has a runtime of 54:56. This album was preceded by the Brian Kelly album, Pools of Light. Expect A Miracle was follow by the album, Afterplay.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva lives in New Jersey, USA and studied at Humboldt University.
The generated text is : The film English Without Tears, released July 28, 1944, was edited by Alan Jaggs. The music heard in the movie was composed by Nicholas Brodszky. The movie runs for 89 minutes.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva, born Olga Nikolaevna Bondareva, graduated from Leningrad State University and worked in economics. She died on 9 December 1991 in Saint Petersburg.
The generated text is : English Without Tears was produced by Anatole de Grunwald, film editor Alan Jaggs and cinematographer Bernard Knowles.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva was into field and people such as Mathematical optimization and was influenced by Andrzej Piotr Ruszczynski.
The generated text is : The Bootleg Series Volume I: The Quine Tapes are released in 2001-10-16.
The generated text is : Republic of India is the long name of India.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva resides in New Jersey, USA. Her alma mater was Humboldt University. Darinka is known for stochastic programming and was influenced by Andrzej Piotr Ruszczynski.
The generated text is : Max Benedict started his professional activities from the year 1947.
The generated text is : John Mills is Mary Hayley Bell's spouse.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva was a mathematical optimization professional, and known for Stochastic programming.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson died on 1776-02-18.
The generated text is : Justin Whalin is born in San Francisco.
The generated text is : The song Mermaid, on Columbia records, under the Sony Music Entertainment record label, was written by the band Train and has a total runtime of three minutes and sixteen seconds.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva, a United States citizen, was born on January 1, 1958.
The generated text is : Crucial Blast record label released Year of No Light's post metal album titled Nord.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson (died on February 18th, 1776) was the spouse of George Monson and resided in India for most of her life.
The generated text is : The 35 minutes 10 seconds album Turn Me On was preceded by the album Let It Breed.
The generated text is : It's Great to be Young is a film starring John Mills and Cecil Parker that was released in 1956. Mills was married to Mary Hayley Bell and Aileen Raymond.
The generated text is : The punk blues band The Honeymoon Killers made the album Turn Me On.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter, a professional in the field of general relativity who learned from Dennis William Sciama, was born on January 1st, 1942.
The generated text is : Expect a Miracle is a compilation album produced by Brian Kelly with a runtime of 54.56 minutes.
The generated text is : It's Great to Be Young (included in Gilbert Taylor's cinematography) debuted in 1956, was directed by Cyril Frankel. Cecil Parker starred in the 94 minute movie musically composed by Louis Levy.
The generated text is : The film "It's Great to Be Young" was composed by Louis Levy and edited by Max Benedict. The cinematographer is Gilbert Taylor.
The generated text is : Bootleg Series Volume I: The Quine Tapes was recorded in the rock genre by Polydor Records.
The generated text is : A chancellor of the University of Cambridge is David Sainsbury, who is also known as Baron Sainsbury of Turville.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy resides in Teşvikiye.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy, born January 1st, 1934, is Turkish and lives in Istanbul.
The generated text is : Lionsgate and Roadside Attractions distributed English language movie Super Capers which was edited by Stacy Katzman and runs 98 minutes.
The generated text is : Justin Whalin was a presenter.
The generated text is : Expect a Miracle, with a runtime of 54.56, is preceded by the Brian Kelly album Pools of Light.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva, a United States citizen, was born on January 1, 1958. She is a graduate of Humboldt University and her professional field is mathematical optimization. Having been influenced by Andrzej Piotr Ruszczynski, she is known for her work with stochastic programming.
The generated text is : The Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes is preceded by the Velvet Underground album Squeeze. The Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes was recorded through Polydor Records in San Francisco.
The generated text is : Born in England on 01-01-1942, Brandon Carter is a professional in the field of general relativity who was previously supervised by Dennis William Sciama, his doctoral advisor. He is known for the Carter constant as well as the No-hair theorem.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva's current residence in the state of New Jersey in United States. United States has had some top officials and leaders as Joe Biden and John Roberts respectively.
The generated text is : Cyril Frankel's birth place was in the United Kingdom.
The generated text is : Harold French was born in the UK.
The generated text is : Death on a Factory Farm is an HBO film directed, produced, and edited by Geof Bartz and Tom Simon.
The generated text is : Year of No Light, a sludge metal band, produced and released their album Nord on June 9th 2006 with support from their label Crucial blast. This album preceded their next album Live at Roadburn that was released in 2008.
The generated text is : Tom Simon directed and produced the 83 minute movie Death on a Factory Farm which was released by HBO and had Geof Bartz as the editor.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy is of Turkish citizenship and nationality. Nurhan lives in Istanbul and was born on January 1st, 1934.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson was born in Darlington, Kingdom of England, on January 1st, 1726.
The generated text is : The song Mermaid by the band Train written by Espen Lind is on the Sony Music Entertainment record label.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson’s nationality is English, where the capital is Winchester.
The generated text is : Expect a Miracle, instrumental music of the easy listening genre, has a runtime of 54.56.
The generated text is : The total area of New Jersey is 22,591 square kilometers.
The generated text is : Live at Roadburn 2008 was preceded by Nord, an album produced by Year of No Light, which is in the sludge metal genre.
The generated text is : Punk blues album Turn Me On is a noise rock genre and has its stylistic origin in earlier garage rock sound. The stylistic origin of noise rock is noise music.
The generated text is : Super Capers is starring Tom Lister Jr.
The generated text is : The population density of the Istanbul metro area is 2691 people per square kilometer.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson was born in the Kingdom of England and died on February 18, 1776. She was married to George Monson and worked professionally in the field of botany.
The generated text is : The Bootleg Series Volume I: The Quine Tapes was recorded in St. Louis, Missouri, United States and has a runtime of 230.05 minutes. It was preceded by the Velvet Underground's Squeeze.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva is known for the Bondareva-Shapley theorem.
The generated text is : It's Great to Be Young includes John Mills and Cecil Parker in its cast, and includes music composed by Louis Levy.
The generated text is : The composer of the music created for “Death on a Factory Farm” was Jamie Lawrence. Tom Simon both produced and directed it.
The generated text is : The director of the movie It's Great to Be Young was Cyril Frankel.
The generated text is : The song Mermaid by Train on Train's "California 37" album was followed by the release of Imagine by John Lennon performed by Train on the album also named Imagine.
The generated text is : The movie English Without Tears' release date is 07-28-1944.
The generated text is : Harold French served as a film director.
The generated text is : The Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes is a rock album preceded by Squeeze and released under Polydor Records. The album was recorded under the Universal Music Group record label. All this music was created by the Velvet Underground.
The generated text is : The Bootleg Series Volume I: The Quine Tapes was released by the record label Polydor Records under the Universal Music Group record label in the United States. A key individual in the Universal Music Group is Lucian Grainge.
The generated text is : The Train song Mermaid belonging to the California 37 Train album was written by Amund Bjørklund and production team Stargate. It was produced by the production team Espionage and distributed in the digital format.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy is Turkish and speaks the Turkish language.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy is of the Turkish nationality and was born in Turkey on 1 January 1934. He maintains citizenship in Turkey.
The generated text is : The album Squeeze is produced by the Velvet Underground.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson was born in Darlington in the Kingdom of England.
The generated text is : The movie, Super Capers, features Tom Sizemore who is an actor.
The generated text is : Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes in rock genre preceded by the Velvet Underground album Squeeze was recorded in San Francisco.
The generated text is : The album, "Nord", a post-metal genre piece, also considered sludge metal, was produced and released by the artist Year of No light in 2006, on September, 6, and followed up the artist's album, "Live at Roadburn 2008."
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva lives in the US state of New Jersey. In the States, English is the official language.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy, who is of Turkish nationality, was born on the date 1934.01-01.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy was born in the unitary state of Turkey.
The generated text is : Harry Carey, born in 1878 stars in McVeagh of the South Seas, a film registered in IMDb, ID 0004319, directed by Cyril Bruce.
The generated text is : Olga Nikolaevna Bondareva was born on April 27, 1937. A student of Leningrad State University, Bondareva is known for Bondareva-Shapley Theorem. Bondareva died in Saint Petersburg.
The generated text is : Expect a Miracle was recorded and produced by Brian Kelly.
The generated text is : It's Great to Be Young (1956) is a movie starring Cecil Parker. It also stars John Mills, who later died in Denham, Buckinghamshire.
The generated text is : Andrzej Piotr Ruszczynski is known for stochastic programming.
The generated text is : The album Nord by Year of No Light was produced by the band and released on September 6, 2006 under the record label, Crucial Blast.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson died of February 18, 1776 after having been born in Darlington, in the Kingdom of England, on 1726.01.01.
The generated text is : One of the leaders of the United States, where Darinka Dentcheva is a citizen, is the Vice President.
The generated text is : Directed by Cyril Bruce, McVeagh of the South Seas stars and was written by Harry Carey. Its IMDb ID is 0004319.
The generated text is : The Year of No Light album Live at Roadburn 2008 had been produced by Roadburn Festival.
The generated text is : The Train song Mermaid, written by Pat Monahan and produced by the Espionage production team, is followed by the John Lennon song Imagine.
The generated text is : United States total area is 9833520000000 square kilometers.
The generated text is : Super Capers is a film starring Adam West who was born in 1928.
The generated text is : Born in England on the first day of 1942, Brandon Carter is known for both the Anthropic principle and the Doomsday argument. He studied at Cambridge and his doctoral advisor was Dennis William Sciama.
The generated text is : Punk blues and Noise rock is the genre of the album Turn me On, while Noise pop is a fusion genre, having elements from noise rock.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson was born in 1726 on January, 1.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy was born is Turkey, where he has previously lived in Istanbul. He is of Turkish nationality.
The generated text is : "Death on a Factory Farm" was directed by Tom Simon.
The generated text is : Honeymoon Killers album, Turn Me On (runtime of 35.1 minutes), falls into two genres, Punk blues and Noise rock.
The generated text is : Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes, produced by The Velvet Underground and recorded through Polydor Records, was released by the Universal Music Group record label.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy lives in Istanbul, Turkey, where the official language is Turkish.
The generated text is : Cecil Parker, also known as Cecil Schwabe at birth, starred in the 1956 film It's Great to be Young. John Mills died in Denham, Buckinghamshire, and he was a main actor in the movie as well.
The generated text is : New Jersey has an area of water that is 3,544.04.
The generated text is : The song Mermaid, which was produced by the Espionage production team, belongs to the musical band Train. The song was followed by their cover of the John Lennon song Imagine and the original song Imagine by John Lennon is certified by FIMI.
The generated text is : Cyril Frankel is a television director.
The generated text is : Cyril Frankel directed the movie It's Great to be Young, which has a running time of 94 minutes.
The generated text is : The Quine Tapes was preceded by Squeeze by Velvet Underground both for Bootleg Series Volume 1, which was recorded under the Polydor Records record label.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy currently takes residence in Turkey.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter was born on January 1, 1942 and graduated from the University of Cambridge where the current chancellor is David Sainsbury, Baron Sainsbury of Turville. Brandon's doctoral advisor was Dennis William Sciama.
The generated text is : The Train song Mermaid of the genre of pop rock was preceded by the song This'll be my year, followed by John Lennon song Imagine that was followed by the release of the song Happy Xmas (War is Over). The cover was preceded by the song Power to the People.
The generated text is : John Mills has a child named Hayley Mills.
The generated text is : Terence Rattigan died on November 30th 1977.
The generated text is : Anatole de Grunwald, the producer of English Without Tears, was born in Saint Petersburg.
The generated text is : The Bootleg Series Volume I: The Quine Tapes is a rock album recorded in San Francisco and released under the label Polydor Records. It was preceded by the album Squeeze.
The generated text is : Turkey's official language is Turkish.
The generated text is : “eng” is the ISO 639-2 code for the English language.
The generated text is : Charlie Colin is a former band member of Train.
The generated text is : Harold French directed and acted in the movie English Without Tears. French began acting in 1920. The movie was edited and produced by Alan Jaggs and Anatole de Grunwald.
The generated text is : Saint Petersburg was founded on 1703-05-27.
The generated text is : Mermaid, a pop rock song by the musical band Train lasts 3.16 minutes.
The generated text is : The total population of Darlington is 106,000 residents.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson of English nationality who was born in Darlington on January 1, 1726, died on 1776-02-18.
The generated text is : Train followed This'll Be My Year with with the release of Mermaid (3.16 minutes), a pop rock/reggae song produced by Espionage. Mermaid premiered on December 27, 2012, and was subsequently followed by the release of the band's cover of John Lennon's Imagine.
The generated text is : The pop rock song Mermaid by the band Train with runtime of 3.16 minutes was released under the record label Columbia Records.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter was born in England and graduated from the University of Cambridge where the current Chancellor is Leszek Borysiewicz.
The generated text is : The Year of No Light album Nord was preceded by Year of No Light's album Demo 2004.
The generated text is : Andrzej Piotr Ruszczynski influenced Darinka Dentcheva, who is known for Stochastic programming.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy (born in Resadiye) resides in Turkey and the population density in metropolitan Istanbul is 2691.0. He won a state award for superior achievement.
The generated text is : The birthplace of Anatole de Grunwald is Saint Petersburg.
The generated text is : The Train song by Mermaid is from the pop rock genre written by Espen Lind that lasts 3.16 minutes which was released on 27th December 2012. It was preceded by the song This'll Be My Year.
The generated text is : English Without Tears, a film directed by Harold French, is 89 minutes long. The music for the film is composed by Nicholas Brodszky.
The generated text is : Nord is an album by Year of No Light which was released on the Crucial Blast and E-Vinyl labels.
The generated text is : Altar of Plagues is a band associated with Year of No Light.
The generated text is : Super Capers is a 98 minute American English movie starring Michael Rooker and Tom Sizemore. It was directed by Ray Griggs and edited by Stacy Katzman. It had a budget of $2,000,000.
The generated text is : Tom Simon and Sarah Teale produced the film named Death on a Factory Farm. Music was composed by Jamie Lawrence; it was directed by Sarah Teale, and it has a running time of 83 minutes.
The generated text is : “It's Great to Be Young” is a 1956 movie edited by Max Benedict. The movie stars Cecil Parker, and includes music by Louis Levy.
The generated text is : The film Death on a Factory Farm (83 minutes), broadcasted by HBO, is both directed and produced by Tom Simon.
The generated text is : Music group the Velvet Underground both produced and released The Bootleg Series Volume I: The Quine Tapes, which have a runtime of 230.05 minutes.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson is an English national from the unitary Kingdom of England.
The generated text is : "English Without Tears" was produced and written by Anatole de Grunwald.
The generated text is : The total area of India is 3,287,590 square kilometers.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : The running time of the movie It's Great to Be Young directed by Cyril Frankel, starring Cecil Parker in 1956 is 94 minutes. Ted Willis is the writer of the film and Louis Levy is the music composer.
The generated text is : The 89 minute film, English Without Tears, released on July 1944, was composed by Nicholas Brodszky.
The generated text is : Turn Me On, a punk blues/noise rock album, was produced by The Honeymoon Killers, who also produced the album Let It Breed. Turn Me On is 35 minutes 10 seconds in length.
The generated text is : 'English Without Tears' is the screenplay of writers Terence Rattigan and Anatole de Grunwald. The latter was born in Saint Petersburg.
The generated text is : The English film Super Capers, distributed by Roadside Attractions, stars Michael Rooker and Tom Sizemore. Stacy Katzman was the editor of Super Capers.
The generated text is : The song Mermaid by the musical group Train is 3 minutes and 16 seconds long and was released on the Columbia Records record label.
The generated text is : American mathematician Darinka Dentcheva was born on January 1, 1958. Dentcheva graduated from Humboldt University in Berlin, Germany. Influenced by fellow mathematician, Andrzej Piotr Ruszczyński, Dentcheva made contributions to the field of mathematical optimization, in particular, Stochastic programming. She resides in New Jersey.
The generated text is : It's Great to Be Young is a 1956 film starring John Mills.
The generated text is : Roadside Attractions distributed the film of Super Capers which was also distributed by Lionsgate founded by Frank Giustra.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva is a US citizen and a mathematician working in the field of mathematical optimization.
The generated text is : The writer of English Without Tears was Anatole de Grunwald.
The generated text is : The place where Nurhan Atasoy was born is Turkey.
