The generated text is : 
The generated text is : The album 1969: The Velvet Underground Live is preceded by the Velvet Underground album Squeeze, which was followed by The Quine Tapes.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva died on December 9, 1991.
The generated text is : Saint Petersburg was founded on May 27, 1703 and has a total area of 1439.0, Olga Bondareva passed away at Saint Petersburg.
The generated text is : The Darlington town has an area code of 01325.
The generated text is : The Quine Tapes are Rock music genre preceded by the album Squeeze, and Squeeze was preceded by the album Andy Warhol's Velvet Underground Featuring Nico.
The generated text is : Music group the Velvet Underground produced and released rock music album Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes under the Polydor Records record label. The album was recorded in St. Louis, Missouri, USA and has a run time of 230:05.
The generated text is : Imagine is a song that Train followed Mermaid with, which was a song produced by the production team Espionage, and was on their album California 37.
The generated text is : English Without Tears, written by Terence Rattigan, runs 89 minutes. The cinematography for the film was done by Bernard Knowles.
The generated text is : George Monson was married to Lady Anne Monson, a botanist, who died on February 18, 1776.
The generated text is : The Train song Mermaid, which is an example of the reggae genre, was released under the record labels of Columbia Records and Sony Music Entertainment. It was written by Espen Lind and Amund Bjørklund and has a total runtime of 3 minutes and 16 seconds.
The generated text is : It's Great to be Young,a 1956 film starring Cecil Parker was composed by Louis Levy and written by Ted Willis.
The generated text is : The band Nord is a sludge metal band that releases post-metal. They have an album called the Year of No light that was released on June 9th 2006, and was under Crucial Blast Label.
The generated text is : Super Capers is a 98 minute film with a $2000000.0 budget. It stars Tom Sizemore and Michael Rooker, and was written and directed by Ray Griggs.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva developed a theory influenced by Andrzej Piotr Ruszczyński.
The generated text is : Born in 1878, Harry Carey later grew up to write and star in the movie McVeagh of the South Seas.
The generated text is : The Year of No Light album Live at Roadburn 2008 was followed by their album Nord.
The generated text is : Olga Nikolaevna Bondareva, (born April 27, 1937) died in Saint Petersburg. She was best known for the "Bondareva-Shapley theorem."
The generated text is : Train's hit Mermaid was put out by the Sony Music Entertainment record label, was written by Amund Bjørklund with the producer Stargate. Train followed Mermaid with Imagine, a song by John Lennon where Mermaid was produced by the Espionage production team.
The generated text is : Year of No Light produced an album called Nord on 6/9/2006 which is 58.41 minutes long. They came out with the Demo 2004 album first, followed by Nord, and then the album Live at Roadburn in 2008.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson's spouse was George Monson.
The generated text is : The Quine Tapes was produced by The Velvet Underground in St. Louis, Missouri, United States; its genre is rock.
The generated text is : Year of No Light is a band whose members include a former guitarist for Monarch has created an album called Nord.
The generated text is : English Without Tears, a film directed by Harold French and composed by Nicholas Brodszky, was released on 07-28-1944. The film length is 89 minutes.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva's professional field is Economics.
The generated text is : The music of the film English Without Tears is composed by Nicholas Brodszky.
The generated text is : Cecil Parker had a main role in It's Great to Be Young.
The generated text is : The movie "Super Capers" was directed by Ray Griggs.
The generated text is : The sludge metal and post metal album Nord was produced and created by the artist Year of No Light and was released by the record label Crucial blast on 06-09-2006. It was followed by the album Live at Roadburn 2008.
The generated text is : Train followed Mermaid with Imagine is a song by musical artist John Lennon, which has a FIMI certification. It was produced by the production team Espionage.
The generated text is : Expect a Miracle's genre is easy listening.
The generated text is : Squeeze was followed by the album 1969: The Velvet Underground Live.
The generated text is : The Bootleg Series Volume I: The Quine Tapes, a rock music genre,with runtime of 230:05 was produced and released by Velvet Underground. It was recorded in the United States.
The generated text is : Super Capers was distributed by the public company Lionsgate. It was also distributed by Roadside Attractions.
The generated text is : In terms of nationality, Nurhan Atasoy is a Turkish person.
The generated text is : The train song Mermaid, released on Dec. 27th, 2012 and written by Amund Bjorklund and Espen Lind, was preceded by the song This'll Be My Year. Mermaid lasts 3.16 minutes.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter is a professional in the field of general relativity.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva, born "Olga Nikolaevna Bondareva" and a student of Leningrad State University, was known for the Bondareva-Shapley theorem.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva, a Humboldt University graduate, is a mathematician working in the field of mathematical optimization.
The generated text is : "English Without Tears" was produced by Anatole de Grunwald.
The generated text is : Sludge metal has a variety called southern sludge.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva (born Olga Nikolaevna Bondareva, on April 27, 1937, in Leningrad, USSR) graduated from Leningrad State University and is known for Bondareva-Shapley theorem.
The generated text is : John Mills had a main role in the movie It's Great to Be Young which has taken 282,838 pounds at the box office.
The generated text is : Terence Rattigan, who died in 1977, wrote the film English Without Tears in co-authorship with Anatole de Grunwald. The film was directed by Harold French, an actor whose career began in 1920.
The generated text is : The zip code areas in Darlington are DL1, DL2, DL3.
The generated text is : Turk is the demonym for residents of Turkey.
The generated text is : Super Capers, a film written by Ray Griggs, is 98 minutes long. Danielle Harris was one of the stars of the movie.
The generated text is : The film "English Without Tears" was written by Terence Rattigan, who died on 30/11/1977. The film's director, Harold French, was born in 1897.
The generated text is : John Mills starred in the 1956 film It’s Great to Be Young which featured cinematography by Gilbert Taylor.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva, who lived from April 27th, 1937 to December 9th, 1991, was a student at Leningrad State University.
The generated text is : "McVeagh of the South Seas" was written and directed by Harry Carey born in 1878 and produced by Progressive Motion Picture Company.
The generated text is : The 1956 movie It's Great to Be Young was directed by Cyril Frankel, starred Cecil Parker, and has a running time of 94 minutes.
The generated text is : Saint Petersburg has the area of 1439.0 sq/km where Olga Bondareva died.
The generated text is : Death on a Factory Farm is a HBO film produced and directed by Tom Simon. Jamie Lawrence wrote the music.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva was born on April 27, 1937 in Leningrad, USSR.
The generated text is : The Kingdom of England used a unitary state form of government.
The generated text is : United States is home to Darinka Dentcheva, where the Vice President is a title of one of its leaders.
The generated text is : Released on 2006-09-06, the Nord album was part of the post-metal genre of sludge metal. The Year of No Light produced the album and followed it up with Live at Roadburn 2008.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva, born in Leningrad, USSR, later died in Saint Petersburg.
The generated text is : Year of No Light self-produced their sludge-metal album Nord, and released it on September 6th, 2006. The band's next album was Live at Roadburn 2008.
The generated text is : Year of No Light is both the artist and the producer of the album Nord. The album was released on the label Crucial Blast. Year of No Light's next album was Live at Roadburn 2008.
The generated text is : Pranab Mukherjee was a leader of India.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy resides in the unitary state of Turkey, specifically in Istanbul.
The generated text is : The genre of the Velvet Underground is proto-punk.
The generated text is : English Without Tears is an 89 minute movie written by Terence Rattigan and released on July 28th, 1944. Alan Jaggs was the editor while Nicholas Brodszky wrote the music for the film.
The generated text is : Sarah Teale and Tom Simon directed the 83 minute movie Death on a Factory Farm which was edited by Geof Bartz. Jamie Lawrence composed the music for the movie which was released by HBO.
The generated text is : Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes was recorded through Polydor Records, released by the record label Universal Music Group, and preceded by the Velvet Underground album Squeeze.
The generated text is : Death on a Factory Farm was produced and directed by Tom Simon and Sarah Teale. The film runs for 83 minutes.
The generated text is : The Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes was recorded under the Universal Music Group record label.
The generated text is : McVeagh of the South Seas (IMDb ID 0004319) is a film starring Harry Carey and was directed by Harry Carey and Cyril Bruce.
The generated text is : The movie English Without Tears, which was released on 07-28-1944, was directed by Harold French, edited by Alan Jaggs, and produced by Anatole de Grunwald.
The generated text is : Noise pop is a fusion genre, having elements from noise rock, which is the genre of the album Turn Me On, among other things.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson, who was born in Darlington, died on 1776-02-18.
The generated text is : A stylistic origin of pop rock is rock music.
The generated text is : Bootleg Series Volume I: The Quine Tapes was created by The Velvet Underground and is 230.05 minutes long.
The generated text is : Sarah Teale was both the producer and director of the 83-minute movie Death on a Factory Farm.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson was born in Darlington and currently resides in India. India was founded on the 26th of January in 1950 and is currently lead by a President.
The generated text is : The Bootleg Series Volume I: The Quine Tapes, produced by the Velvet Underground, was recorded in the United States and has a run time of 230:05.
The generated text is : Director Ray Griggs, born in 1974, is the writer of the film Super Capers, starring Michael Rooker and Tom Sizemore.
The generated text is : The album Take It Off! is produced by the American band the Honeymoon Killers.
The generated text is : Nord is an album by Year Of No Light that falls under the genres of sludge metal and post-metal. It was released in September 6th, 2006. The next album Year Of No Light released was Live at Roadburn 2008.
The generated text is : Adam West was born in the year 1928.
The generated text is : Expect a Miracle, a compilation album of instrumental music genre is of the easy listening genre and has a runtime of 54.56 minutes. It was followed by the album Afterplay.
The generated text is : Take it Off is from the genre of noise rock.
The generated text is : John Mills and Cecil Parker starred in the 1956 movie It's Great to Be Young which runs 94 minutes and had Gilbert Taylor as the cinematographer. The movie costed £282,838.
The generated text is : Writer of the 1956 film It's Great to Be Young is Ted Willis.
The generated text is : The song Mermaid by Train is written in the reggae music genre which has its stylistic origin in the rhythm and blues genre.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva is resident of new Jersey which has an area of water that is 3.544.04 meters squared and citizen of the United States where the motto is "In God We Trust".
The generated text is : In Turkey where Nurhan Atasoy was born the leader is called the Prime Minister.
The generated text is : HBO and Cinemax are sister stations.
The generated text is : Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes was recorded in St Louis, Missouri, in the United States, in English, the primary language of the country.
The generated text is : English Without Tears is an 89 minute movie directed by Harold French. The film's editor and producer consisted of two men by the name of Anatole de Grunwald and Alan Jaggs.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson, an English national, resided in India with spouse George Monson. With Botany as her professional field, she died on 1776-02-18.
The generated text is : Geof Bartz is the editor of the 83-minute film Death on a Factory Farm produced by Tom Simon.
The generated text is : The key person at Universal Music Group is Lucian Grainge.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy won State Award for Superior Achievement.
The generated text is : Tom Sizemore, who began acting in 1989, and Adam West have both starred in Super Capers.
The generated text is : The Turn Me On album by Honeymoon Killers, who also happens to be its producer has a runtime of 35.1 minutes. It was preceded by the album Let It Breed.
The generated text is : Influenced by Andrzej Piotr Ruszczynski, Darinka Dentcheva (born Jan. 1st, 1958) has become widely known for her work in Stochastic Programming, working in the field of Mathematical Optimization; she is a citizen of the United States.
The generated text is : The English-language film Super Capers was edited by Stacy Katzman and played by Michael Rooker.
The generated text is : Death on a Factory Farm was released by HBO.
The generated text is : 'McVeagh of the South Seas', a film distributed by Alliance Films Corporation was directed by Gregory Allen and Harry Carey, an actor born in 1878.
The generated text is : Expect a Miracle, an instrumental music genre album with a runtime of 54:56, was preceded by Pools of Light by Brian Kelly and then followed by the album Afterplay.
The generated text is : The Velvet Underground, produced their album Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes.
The generated text is : English Without Tears is a film directed and edited by Alan Jaggs and Harold French. Anatole de Grunwald produced the movie while Nicholas Brodszky composed the film.
The generated text is : The genre of the Honeymoon Killers is noise rock.
The generated text is : Expect a Miracle, a compilation album by Brian Kelly with runtime of 54.56 minutes is of instrumental music genre. Produced by Brian Kelly Expect a Miracle was preceded by Pools of Light by Brian Kelly.
The generated text is : Cyril Bruce directed Harry Carey in McVeagh of the South Seas, a film produced by the Progressive Motion Picture Company.
The generated text is : While pop rock can trace its stylistic roots back to rock music, Reggae music evolved out of different musical genre, known as ska. Interestingly, the Train song, Mermaid, belongs to the genre of pop rock, but is also considered to be of the reggae genre as well.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva is a resident of New Jersey, a state in the United States, which uses federalism as its type of governing system.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva, a United States citizen, developed a theory in Mathematical Optimization, influenced by Andrzej Piotr Ruszczyński . "In God We Trust" is the motto of the United States.
The generated text is : The drum kit is an instrument used in the punk blues genre.
The generated text is : Tom Sizemore stars in Super Capers which starred Michael Rooker.
The generated text is : Super Capers starred Michael Rooker, who was born in Jasper, Alabama.
The generated text is : After releasing their album Squeeze, music group the Velvet Underground produced and released rock music album Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes, which they recorded in St Louis Missouri, USA The album was released on 2001-10-16 under the Polydor and Universal Music Group record labels and has a total run time of 230:05 minutes.
The generated text is : John Mills died in 2005.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy who was born in Reşadiye , has his residence in Istanbul. Istanbul metro area is 5,343 square kilometers and its time zone is Eastern European Summer Time.
The generated text is : The Year of No Light's sludge metal album Nord (2006-09-06) was followed by Live at Roadburn 2008.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy was born in Turkey. Binali Yıldırım was former Prime Minister of Turkey under current president Recep Tayyip Erdoğan.
The generated text is : Turn Me On by Honeymoon Killers, a noise rock and punk blues genre, has a runtime of 35.1 minutes. Its producers are Honeymoon Killers themselves and Wharton Tiers.
The generated text is : Baroque pop is a fusion genre which includes some elements of pop rock, an example of which is the Train song by Mermaid .
The generated text is : The parent company of Polydor Records is Universal Music Group.
The generated text is : It's great to be young is a movie from 1956 that runs for 94 minutes. It stars Cecil Parker and it’s edited by Max Benedict. Louis Levy composed the music.
The generated text is : Stargate produced the song Mermaid.
The generated text is : A person named Jamie Lawrence is a member of the Brentford F.C. while someone with the same name was the composer for "Death on a Factory Farm" music.
The generated text is : "Let It Breed" was followed by the album "Turn Me On".
The generated text is : John Mills played the lead role and Cecil Parker had a main role in the movie It's Great to Be Young. The movie was released in 1956 and had a duration of 94 minutes. Cyril Frankel is the director and Louis Levy is the music composer of the movie.
The generated text is : Gilbert Taylor was the cinematographer while Cyril Frankel was the director of the movie It's Great to Be Young. It came out in 1956 and lasted 94 minutes and accumulated 282,838 pounds.
The generated text is : The Train song Mermaid was made next to the song This'll be my year. It has a length of 3 minutes and 16 seconds and it is written in the reggae music field. Its followed by the John Lennon song called Imagine.
The generated text is : The HBO film Death on a Factory Farm running at 83 minutes is produced and directed by Sarah Teale. The music is composed by Jamie Lawrence.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva is a citizen of the United States.
The generated text is : “Super Capers” is a 98-minute-long movie starring Tom Lister Jr. Distributed by Lionsgate, the film grossed $30,955. Ray Griggs was the director of the film.
The generated text is : Death on a Factory Farm is a film broadcasted by HBO, formerly known as The Green Channel.
The generated text is : "English Without Tears" was produced and written by Anatole de Grunwald. The editor for the film was Alan Jaggs.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva is known for her work with stochastic programming where she has a residence in the state of New Jersey and her alma mater is Humboldt University.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva (United States citizen) with birthdate as January 1, 1958 studied at Humboldt University. Her theory was influenced by Andrzej Piotr Ruszczyński.
The generated text is : The run time of the album Turn Me On is 35.1 minutes where the artist is the Honeymoon Killers with punk blues as the genre. Turn Me On album is self-produced by the American band Honeymoon Killers with noise rock as the genre of the album.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson, born on January 1, 1726 in the Kingdom of England, studied botany.
The generated text is : The film Super Capers, distributed by Lionsgate and starring Justin Whalin, grossed $30,955.
The generated text is : Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes was recorded in St. Louis, Missouri, and San Francisco, where Ed Lee is the political leader.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter (born in England) is known for the Carter constant as well as the No-hair theorem. His doctoral advisor is Dennis William Sciama.
The generated text is : Super Capers, a film that had a running time of 98 minutes, stars Justin Whalin.
The generated text is : The song by Train called Mermaid is on the Sony Music Entertainment record label.
The generated text is : The movie McVeagh of the South Seas was written and directed by Harry Carey and directed by Cyril Bruce. Carey was born in 1878.
The generated text is : HBO has different timeshift services, for example, HBO East and HBO West.
The generated text is : Super Capers stars the actors Justin Whalin and Michael Rooker. Whalin was born in San Francisco and while the birth location of Rooker is unknown, he was born on April 6th, 1955.
The generated text is : Released on 28th July 1944 the 89 minutes long film, "English Without Tears, " was directed by Harold French, produced by Anatole de Grunwald, while the songs in the film were composed by Nicholas Brodszky.
The generated text is : Terence Rattigan died in 1977.
The generated text is : Ted Willis wrote “It’s great to be young” a 1956 film starring Cecil Parker.
The generated text is : English Without Tears is an 89-minute film that was released on July 28th, 1944. It was written by Anatole de Grunwald and directed by Harold French. Nicholas Brodszky was the music composer while Alan Jaggs was the film editor.
The generated text is : "Expect a Miracle", with a total runtime of 54:56, and in which was preceded by the album, "Pools of Light", were both productions by the work of Brian Kelly.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter (born in England) works in the field of general relativity and is best known for the Carter constant and the No-hair theorem.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva's alma matter was Leningrad State University, however she died not in Leningrad, but rather in the city of Saint Petersburg. Saint Petersburg was founded May 27, 1703.
The generated text is : The total length of the Turn Me On punk blues album by the American band The Honeymoon Killers is 35 minutes 10 seconds.
The generated text is : Super Capers, whose budget was 2000000, was lead by Adam West, and both written and directed by Ray Griggs.
The generated text is : The Velvet Underground band drew occasional musical artists from an associated group called Theater of Eternal Music.
The generated text is : McVeagh of the South Seas is a film directed by Cyril Bruce and Harry Carey. It’s a film that is logged in the IMDb database with the ID of 0004319. Carey was born on 1878 and was the writer of the film while he played a major character in the movie too. This movie was distributed by Alliance Films Corporation.
The generated text is : It's Great to Be Young is a 1956 film in which John Mills played a lead role. The film featured Gilbert Taylor as a cinematographer, and it received £282,838. The duration of the film is around 94 minutes.
The generated text is : Noise music is an origin of noise rock.
The generated text is : ‘Death on a Factory Farm’ introduces music written by Jamie Lawrence, who also played for Ashford Town, F.C. The movie was broadcast on HBO. HBO East and HBO west are the channel’s unique timeshift services.
The generated text is : The Kingdom of England was founded in the year 927.
The generated text is : The popular 1956 film, It's Great to Be Young, starred English actors John Mills and Cecil Parker, and was directed by Cyril Frankel. Cinematography was by Gilbert Taylor, with composition for the musical comedy by Louis Levy. The film's running time is 94 minutes, and, according to the Historical Journal of Film, Radio and Television, was produced for 282,838 pounds.
The generated text is : Post-metal music includes synthesizers among the instruments it uses.
The generated text is : Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes's genre is rock.
The generated text is : Death on a Factory Farm is an 83 minute movie that is directed by Tom Simon. Geof Bartz edited it while Jamie Lawrence composed the music.
The generated text is : The Honeymoon Killers both recorded and produced the album Turn Me On. This punk blues album is 35.1 minutes long.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva was born in Leningrad, USSR and died in Saint Petersburg. Saint Petersburg was founded on May 27, 1703 and is led by a governor.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson’s nationality is English but currently resides in India, whose total area is 3,287,590 km^2. One of the leaders of India is Chief Justice.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy's, born on January 1, 1934, is a Turkish citizen living in Istanbul, Turkey.
The generated text is : The pop rock song Mermaid by the band Train was released under the record label Columbia Records.
The generated text is : The Train song Mermaid is followed by the John Lennon song Imagine.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson was born on January 1, 1726 in Darlington located in the Kingdom of England. Her residence was in India and she later died on February 18, 1776.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy's date of birth is January 1, 1934.
The generated text is : Tom Simon and Sarah Teale produced the movie Death on a Factory Farm which was broadcasted by the Time Warner owned HBO which has headquarters in New York City, New York.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva's residence is in New Jersey.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva was born in New Jersey which has a total population of 22,591.38.
The generated text is : The song Mermaid, written by the pop-rock band Train, lasts 3.16 minutes. Columbia Records released the song on December 27, 2012.
The generated text is : Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes was recorded in London by Polydor Records and released by Universal Music Group located in Santa Monica, California.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva studied at Leningrad State University, where she was known for the Bondareva-Shapley theorem.
The generated text is : It's Great to Be Young had Gilbert Taylor as cinematographer.
The generated text is : Producer Sarah Teale's Death on a Factory Farm runs for 83.0.
The generated text is : Tom Simon directed the film 'Death on a Factory Farm,' which was broadcasted by HBO.
The generated text is : The album Nord by the Year of No Light whose record label is Crucial Blast was released on E-Vinyl record label on September 6, 2006 with a runtime of 58 minutes and 41 seconds.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva, born January 1st of 1958, was influenced by Andrzej Piotr Ruszczynski.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy was born in Turkey on January 1st, 1934. He is a Turkish citizen and resides in Istanbul, Turkey.
The generated text is : The album Expect a miracle is of the easy instrumental Listening music genre.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy is a resident of Istanbul, Turkey. Istanbul is in the Eastern European Summer Time zone.
The generated text is : After the release of Let It Breed, Turn Me On has a 35.1 minute runtime and was followed by Take It Off.
The generated text is : A film named "English Without Tears" was released on July 28th, 1944. The film was edited by Alan Jaggs and produced by Anatole de Grunwald. Interestingly enough, the script was also written by Anatole de Grunwald. Finally, film buffs should know that Bernard Knowles was the cinematographer responsible for the beauty of this movie.
The generated text is : The Year of No Light album Nord's record label is E-Vinyl.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva is a citizen of the United States, the country where John Roberts is one of the leaders.
The generated text is : The title of the leader of Turkey is "Prime Minister".
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy was born in Resadiye, a town located in the Tokat Province in Turkey. Turkey has a total area of 783,356.0 km^2.
The generated text is : Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes was released by Universal Music Group, a record label run by key person Lucian Grainge. Polydor Records recorded Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva's professional field is mathematics.
The generated text is : Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes, which has a runtime of 230.05 minutes, was produced by The Velvet Underground.
The generated text is : Columbia Records released Train's song titled, Mermaid, not the Warner Music Group, the groups record label.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy was born in Turkey and at one time lived in Istanbul.
The generated text is : The band Train followed up "This'll be my year" with a 3 minutes, 16 seconds long pop rock song, entitled "Mermaid." Mermaid, which is also considered an example of the reggae genre of music, was written by songwriter, Espen Lind and released on December, 27, 2012.
The generated text is : India, at one time led by T.S. Thakur, was also where Lady Anne Monson lived most of her life.
The generated text is : Mermaid,performed by Train, is on the Sony Music Entertainment label;however,John Lennon also released Imagine which was followed by Happy Xmas (War is Over) on the same record label.
The generated text is : English Without Tears was written by Anatole de Grunwald and Terence Rattigan.
The generated text is : The Bootleg Series Volume I: The Quine Tapes was recorded in San Francisco in the United States which has a total area of around 9.8 million square kilometers. In San Francisco the Coordinated Universal Time (UTC) offset is -7.
The generated text is : The album Nord by Year of No Light is sludge metal and post metal genre. Southern sludge and Stoner sludge are subgenres of sludge metal.
The generated text is : The Train song Mermaid, a pop rock genre, on Columbia Records and Sony Music Entertainment record label has a total runtime of three minutes and sixteen seconds.
The generated text is : The Kingdom of England, the place where Lady Anne Monson was born, was a unitary state.
The generated text is : The demonym for people from the United States is American.
The generated text is : The Train song Mermaid was released on the date 2012-12-27.
The generated text is : Expect a Miracle is an instrumental song recorded by Brian Kelly. This easy listening song has a runtime of 54:56 and was followed by Afterplay, also by Brian Kelly.
The generated text is : The Train song Mermaid (Columbia Records/Sony Music Entertainment) was followed by the release of John Lennon song Imagine and Happy Xmas (War is Over).
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva is a mathematician working in the field of mathematical optimization.
The generated text is : The reggae music genre song Mermaid by Train was written by Espen Lind and preceded by the song This'll be my year. The song Mermaid was released on 2012-12-27.
The generated text is : Terence Rattigan was born on 01/01/1911.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva, known for her work with stochastic programming, was influenced by the work of Andrzej Piotr Ruszczynski. She attended Humboldt University and her professional field is Mathematical optimization.
The generated text is : Tom Sizemore starred in the 98.0 minutes long movie Super Capers which was distributed by Roadside Attractions.
The generated text is : The band Train’s hit song Mermaid was released under the record label Columbia Records and also Sony Music Entertainment which is owned by the Sony Corporation.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson lived from January 1, 1726 to February 18, 1776.
The generated text is : The owner of HBO is Time Warner.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson married George Monson was a British national but resided in India for most of her life. She died on February 18th, 1776.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter is well known for Anthropic principle theory.
The generated text is : Jamie Lawrence is the music composer of the 83 minute 'Death on a Factory Farm' film, directed by Sarah Teale.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva, who was born on April 27, 1937, graduated from Leningrad State University.
The generated text is : Tom Simon directed the film "Death on a Factory Farm", which was edited by Geof Bartz.
The generated text is : Year of No Light by the band Nord, was released by Crucial Blast and is available on E-Vinyl.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva, who resides in New Jersey, is a graduate of Humboldt University.
The generated text is : The Velvet Underground album Squeeze is in the genre of rock music.
The generated text is : English is commonly spoken in New Jersey.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson was born on January 1, 1726 in the kingdom of England, where she lived and held British nationality. Lady Anne Monson’s spouse is George Monson.
The generated text is : McVeagh of the South Seas, a film directed by Cyril Bruce, is located in IMdb under ID 0004319.
The generated text is : Death on a Factory Farm is an HBO film that runs for 83 minutes. It is produced by Sarah Teale and Tom Simon, who is the director of the film as well. Geof Bartz is the editor and Jamie Lawrence composed the music.
The generated text is : Brain Kelly's Expect a Miracle was a compilation album that was preceded by Pools of Light and followed by Afterplay.
The generated text is : The total population of the United States is over three hundred and twenty four million.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson was born in Darlington on January 1, 1726, and died on February 18, 1776.
The generated text is : The rock album Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes was released by Polydor Records and was preceded by the album Squeeze.
The generated text is : The Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes was recorded under the Universal Music Group record label in San Francisco and released by the record label Polydor Records. It was preceded by the album Squeeze.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy was born in Istanbul on January 1, 1934. He is a Turkish citizen who resides in Istanbul which falls in the Eastern European Summer Time time zone.
The generated text is : Brian Kelly produced an instrumental album titled Expect A Miracle.
The generated text is : 'Death on a Factory Farm' was produced by Tom Simon and Sarah Teale, and was also directed by both of them.
The generated text is : The album Pools of Light was succeeded by Brian Kelly's instrumental Expect a Miracle, with a runtime of 54.56 minutes.
The generated text is : John Roberts is a leader in the United States, whereas Darinka Dentcheva only resides in the United States.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson was born in the Kingdom of England in a town called Darlington which is in the UK.
The generated text is : Harold French directed English Without Tears, which is 89 minutes in duration.
The generated text is : Terence Rattigan is registered in IMDb under the ID 0711905.
The generated text is : One of San Francisco's leaders is politician Ed Lee.
The generated text is : The movie English Without Tears release date was July 28th, 1944. Anatole de Grunwald was the producer and also the writer of the movie along with Terence Rattigan. The cinematography was done by Bernard Knowles, and the movie runs for 89 minutes.
The generated text is : The album Turn Me On, followed by Take it Off!, was preceded by the album Let it Breed.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson was born in Darlington but resided in India for most of her life. She was born on January 1, 1726 and died on February 18, 1776.
The generated text is : The song Mermaid by Train, produced by the Espionage production team under Columbia Records and Sony Music Entertainment, is an example of the reggae genre and is 3 minutes and 16 seconds long. It the song after Imagine sung by John Lennon.
The generated text is : The Train song Mermaid from the album California 37 was written by Pat Monahan and Train and Espionage was its production team. The song was distributed digitally and was followed by the John Lennon song Imagine.
The generated text is : The film McVeagh of the South Seas was produced by the Progressive Motion Picture Company.
The generated text is : HBO's former name was 'The Green Channel'.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy was born in Turkey, where he has his nationality.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva (born "Olga Nikolaevna Bondareva" in Leningrad, USSR) worked in the professional fields of economics and mathematics and died December 9, 1991.
The generated text is : It's Great to Be Young, a 1956 film directed by Cyril Frankel, received £282,838. John Mills plays the lead in this 94-minute long movie.
The generated text is : It's Great to Be Young (1956, 94 minutes) is a film edited by Max Benedict, who has been active in the film industry since 1947. The director of the movie is Cyril Frankel.
The generated text is : McVeagh of the South Seas (IMDb id 0004319) was written by Harry Carey, born in 1878, who also had a role in the film. McVeagh of the South Seas was produced by the Progressive Motion Picture Company and distributed by the Alliance Films Corporation.
The generated text is : The sludge and post-metal album Nord by Year of No Light was released September 6, 2006 after the album Demo (2004). It comprises of 58 minutes and 41 seconds of sound.
The generated text is : The song Mermaid is by the musical band Train.
The generated text is : Expect a Miracle is in the instrumental music genre.
The generated text is : The album Turn Me On was produced by Wharton Tiers, followed by the Take it Off album. The producer of Take It Off! is the American band the Honeymoon Killers, coming after Take it Off! was the extended play song, 'Til Death Do Us Part.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson was born in Darlington, England. Darlington is in the North East of England and has a grid reference of NZ289147.
The generated text is : Year of No Light followed their album Nord, which was released on 06-09-2006, with the album Live at Roadburn 2008.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter, best known for the Carter constant and the No-hair theorem, is a professional in the field of general relativity. He was born in England and studied at the University of Cambridge, where he was advised by Dennis William Sciama.
The generated text is : Tom Sizemore was married to Maeve Quinlan.
The generated text is : It’s Great to Be Young is a 1956 film that lasts 94 minutes. It was directed by Cyril Frankel and its writer was Ted Willis. John Mills played in the film, and it collected 282,838 at the box office. The film music was written by Louis Levy, and Gilbert Taylor served as a cinematographer.
The generated text is : McVeagh of the South Seas IMDb ID is 0004319.
The generated text is : Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes, which was recorded in San Francisco, was preceded by the album Squeeze.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva, an American citizen known for her work with stochastic programming, developed a theory influenced by Andrzej Piotr Ruszczyński.
The generated text is : The area code of Tokat is +90 356.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter, a specialist in General Relativity, is known for the Carter Constant.
The generated text is : Brian Kelly is the author of "Expect a Miracle," a compilation album with a runtime of 54:56. Expect a Miracle was released after Kelly's Pools of Light.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva (born in Leningrad, USSR and passed away December 9, 1991) attended Leningrad State University, and was known for the Bondareva-Shapley theorem.
The generated text is : Brian Kelly recorded an instrumental music piece called Expect a Miracle.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson was born in the Kingdom of England in Darlington, whose OS grid reference is NZ289147. Lady Anne Monson lived in the Kingdom of England, whose dissolution took place in 1707, and held British nationality.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter was born on January 1, 1942 and worked professionally in the field of General Relativity. Brandon Carter was known for the Carter Constant and his contributions to the no-hair theorem. Dennis William Sciama was his doctoral advisor.
The generated text is : Distributor of the movie Super Capers is Roadside Attractions.
The generated text is : Bootleg Series Volume I: The Quine Tapes's genre is rock, of which proto-punk is a musical subgenre.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson was born in Darlington.
The generated text is : Proto-punk is a music subgenre of rock music.
The generated text is : The 1956 film 'It's great to be young', directed by Cyril Frankel, is 94 minutes long. The music was composed by Louis Levy, while the writer is Ted Willis.
The generated text is : Super Capers is a 98.0 minute long English-language film starring Michael Rooker and Tom Sizemore. The film was edited by Stacy Katzman and distributed by Roadside Attractions.
The generated text is : Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes album with a run time of 230.05 minutes in the genre of Rock music was produced by Velvet Underground and released by the record label Polydor Records, preceded by album Squeeze.
The generated text is : Death on a Factory Farm, which was broadcasted by HBO, was edited by Geof Bartz and the music was composed by Jamie Lawrence.
The generated text is : Born in Leningrad, a city in the USSR, Olga Bondareva studied to become an economist at Leningrad State University, and is one of the known professionals in the field of Mathematics.
The generated text is : Produced by the Espionage production team and now available in digital format, Mermaid is a reggae inspired song on Train's "California 37" album. Train followed up Mermaid with the John Lennon song Imagine.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter, who is well-known for the Anthropic principle theory, calls England his birthplace.
The generated text is : Roadside Attractions is founded in 2003.
The generated text is : Indian is the demonym for people from India.
The generated text is : English Without Tears was produced by Anatole de Grunwald, directed by Harold French, with Nicholas Brodszky as the composer of the songs used.
The generated text is : The genre of Turn Me On is punk blues.
The generated text is : The Train song Mermaid was preceded by the song This'll be my year.
The generated text is : Recorded in San Francisco and released October 16, 2001, Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes is 230.05 minutes long. It was preceded by the Velvet Underground album Squeeze.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva, who is known for Stochastic programming, was born January 1, 1958.
The generated text is : The director of the movie Death on a Factory Farm was Sarah Teale.
The generated text is : The compilation album Andy Warhol's Velvet Underground Featuring Nico was followed by The Velvet Underground album Squeeze, which was followed by The Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes, recorded through Polydor Records in London.
The generated text is : The rock album "Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes" was produced by proto-punk band The Velvet Underground.
The generated text is : It's Great to Be Young (1956) stars John Mills, who was born in North Elmham.
The generated text is : The Year of No Light band released the sludge metal, post-metal album Nord on September 6, 2006 after its album Demo in 2004. The album is 58 minutes and 41 seconds long.
The generated text is : The album entitled Nord, followed by Year of No Light's album Live at Roadburn 2008, was released by the artist Year of No Light on the Crucial Blast label on the date 2006-09-06 and produced by Year of No Light.
The generated text is : The 1956 movie , It's Great to be Young, was edited by Max Benedict who later died in 1986. The director was Cyril Frankel and the music composer was Louis Levy.
The generated text is : Year of No Light produced the album Nord, which was released on June 9th, 2006. Nord falls into the sludge metal genre. Year of No Light's next album was Live at Roadburn 2008.
The generated text is : Darlington is in the North East England region.
The generated text is : The album Turn Me On (which has run time of 35.1 minutes) was preceded by the album Let It Breed; Let It Breed is preceded by the release of the album Love American Style.
The generated text is : Turkish citizen Nurhan Atasoy, resident of Istanbul, won the State Award for Superior Achievement.
The generated text is : It's Great to Be Young is a 1956 film that stars Cecil Parker and John Mills. The length of the movie is 94 minutes and written by Ted Willis. It’s edited by Max Benedict and the score is composed by Louis Levy.
The generated text is : The religion of some Turkish people could be defined as irreligion.
The generated text is : The record labels of the Year of No Light album Nord's in post-metal genre are Crucial Blast and E-Vinyl.
The generated text is : The album Turn Me On is by the American band The Honeymoon Killers.
The generated text is : Harry Carey (actor, born in 1878) was the writer of the film McVeagh of the South Seas, directed by Cyril Bruce.
The generated text is : Michael Rooker was born in the year 1955.
The generated text is : The cinematography of English Without Tears was done by Bernard Knowles.
The generated text is : English Without Tears is an 89 minute movie that was released on July 7th, 1944. The music was composed by Nicholas Brodszky. Anatole de Grunwald was the producer of the film.
The generated text is : "Imagine" is a song by musical artist, John Lennon.
The generated text is : The leader's title in India is "President."
The generated text is : Tom Sizemore began his career in 1989.
The generated text is : Darlington, population 106,000, was the birthplace of Lady Anne Monson.
The generated text is : A Chief Justice is a leadership title in India.
The generated text is : San Francisco is in the timezone UTC-7.
The generated text is : Released on October 16, 2001, The Bootleg Series Volume I: The Quine Tapes was recorded in St. Louis, Missouri, in the United States. The album, which follows the previous Velvet Underground release Squeeze, is 230:05 long.
The generated text is : Nord is an album by Year of No Light, released on September 6, 2006. It was followed by the album Live at Roadburn 2008.
The generated text is : The Mermaid song by Train had a release date of the twenty seventh of December 2012 and it was preceded by the song this'll be My Year and it has total runtime of three minutes and sixteen seconds and the writer of the song Mermaid by the band train is Espen Lind.
The generated text is : Turn Me On is a punk blues and noise rock album that runs 35.1 minutes long. Turn It On was preceded by the album Let It Breed.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter was born in England.
The generated text is : Tom Simon directed the film ‘Death on a Factory Farm’ which was edited by Geof Bartz and broadcasted by HBO.
The generated text is : Brian Kelly's Expect a Miracle is a compilation album which has a runtime of 54.56 minutes, which is in the instrumental music genre, preceded by the album Pools of Light.
The generated text is : Geof Bartz edited Death on a Factory Farm, a film directed and produced by Tom Simon.
The generated text is : Music group the Velvet Underground released their self-produced Rock music album Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes on 2001-10-16. The album has a total runtime of 230.05 minutes and was recorded in St. Louis Missouri, USA. It was preceded by the band’s album Squeeze.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy is a Turkish citizen.
The generated text is : Ankara is the capital of Turkey, whose official language is Turkish. Nurhan Atasoy is a citizen of turnkey who was born January 1, 1934. He has also won the State Award for Superior Achievement.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva was born on January 1st, 1958. She is a mathematician working in the field of mathematical optimization, and is known for her work with stochastic programming. One of her theories was influenced by Andrzej Piotr Ruszczyński. She is a citizen of the United States and resides in New Jersey.
The generated text is : The Velvet Underground had created the album Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes, which was produced by The Velvet Underground and recorded in the United States.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson, a British national was born in Darlington, Kingdom of England, on January 1, 1726. She resided in India for most of her life with spouse George Monson and died on February 18th, 1776.
The generated text is : Nord, an album made by Year of No Light and released by the record label Crucial blast, belongs to the post metal genre.
The generated text is : The Velvet Underground band, who produced Bootleg Series Volume I: The Quine Tapes, drew inspiration from the associated group called Theater of Eternal music.
The generated text is : Cecil Parker starred in the 1956 movie It's Great to Be Young, directed by Cyril Frankel.
The generated text is : McVeagh of the South Seas with IMDb ID 0004319 is written by Harry Carey (actor, born in 1878).
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva was given the birth name "Olga Nikolaevna Bondareva".
The generated text is : Jamie Lawrence, born on 03-08-1970, is the music composer of Death on a Factory Farm.
The generated text is : Michael R Burns plays an important role for the company Lionsgate.
The generated text is : The Year of No Light album Nord is in the sludge metal genre, one variety of which is southern sludge.
The generated text is : The film Super Capers is 98 minutes long. The budget was 2,000,000 but the gross income was only $30,955.
The generated text is : The percentage of Turkey's area that is water is 1.3 percent.
The generated text is : Anatole de Grunwald produced and Harold French directed English Without Tears. The songs used in the movie were composed by Nicholas Brodszky, and Bernard Knowles was in charge of the cinematography.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson was born in Darlington, in the Kingdom of England, on January 1st, 1726. Her nationality was with the Kingdom of England, but her residence was in India. She passed away on February 18th, 1776.
The generated text is : The album Turn me on was created by the honeymoon killers. This song lasts 35.1 minutes and was preceded by the album Let it Breed. Wharton Tiers produced it .
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy a Turk (demonym for residents of Turkey) is residing in Istanbul which is located in the +2 UTC timezone.
The generated text is : Wharton Tiers, born on January the 1st, 1953, is producing the album Turn Me On with the Honeymoon Killers.
The generated text is : Artist Brian Kelly, who is a composer & pianist, created Expect a Miracle, which is an easy listening album in the instrumental music genre.
The generated text is : Super Capers is a 98 minute English movie that was distributed by Roadside Attractions and Lionsgate. It was directed by Ray Griggs and edited by Stacy Katzman. The budget was $2,000,000.
The generated text is : India's total population is 1,293,057,000 and the country’s demonym is Indian. Lady Anne Monson, born January 1, 1726, known for her study of botany, resided here most of her life.
The generated text is : The English-language film, Super Capers, was edited by Stacy Katzman, and stars Michael Rooker and Tom Sizemore.
The generated text is : The album Turn Me On (produced by American band the Honeymoon Killers) is 35 minutes 10 seconds long.
The generated text is : It's Great to Be Young is a 1956 film by Gilbert Taylor's cinematography; it cost 282838 and starred John Mills.
The generated text is : After releasing their album Squeeze, music group the Velvet Underground produced and released rock music album Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes, which they recorded in St Louis Missouri, USA. The album has a total length of 230:05 minutes.
The generated text is : "McVeagh of the South Seas" is distributed by Alliance Films Corporation and has the IMDb id of 0004319. It’s directed by Harry Carey and Gregory Allen. Carey was born in 1878.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter was born in England on January 1st, 1942. His contributions to the field of general relativity were conducted under Dennis William Sciama, his doctoral advisor.
The generated text is : Sarah Teale directed the movie Death on a Factory Farm which has a duration of 83 minutes.
The generated text is : The American band, the Honeymoon Killers, self-produced its album Turn Me On, with the help of some musicians from an associated musical group called Pussy Galore.
The generated text is : Istanbul is located in the +2 UTC timezone.
The generated text is : The Mermaid song is a reggae song by Train that is 3:16 long. It was written by Amund Bjorklund and produced by Stargate. The song is followed by “Imagine” by John Lennon.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva who was born on April 27, 1937 in Leningrad, USSR, died in Saint Petersburg.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter, born in England, had Dennis William Sciama as his doctoral advisor.
The generated text is : The Train song Mermaid (a song on Train's "California 37" album) was written by Espen Lind and Amund Bjørklund.Train followed Mermaid with Imagine, a song by John Lennon but was produced by the Espionage production team in the digital format.
The generated text is : Interscope Geffen A&M distributes the Polydor Records label.
The generated text is : Anatole Grunwald, born on December 25th 1910 is the coauthor of English Without Tears alongside Terence Rattigan.
The generated text is : Expect a Miracle by Brian Kelly, an album of the easy listening genre, was preceded by the album Pools of Light.
The generated text is : Year of No Light created the album Live at Roadburn 2008, which was preceded by band’s self-produced album Nord.
The generated text is : The Year of No Light album Nord is in the post-metal genre which uses synthesizer as an instrument and its also sludge metal genre which includes singing, among other things.
The generated text is : The Velvet Underground recorded the 230.05 minute long album Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes in the United States.
The generated text is : Super Capers was written by the director Ray Griggs.
The generated text is : Brian Kelly is the producer and author of the album "Expect a Miracle", said album has a runtime of 54:56 and is of the instrumental music genre.
The generated text is : The editing of the movie English Without Tears was done by Alan Jaggs.
The generated text is : The album Turn Me On was produced by Wharton Tiers and was preceded by the album Let It Breed.
The generated text is : India has reached the total population of 1,293,057,000.
The generated text is : Tokat is located in Turkey.
The generated text is : Punk blues and noise rock are genre of the album Turn Me On.
The generated text is : Wharton Tiers is the producer of Take it Off.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva was born in Leningrad, USSR.
The generated text is : The album Take It Off! is preceded by the album Turn Me On.
The generated text is : The deathplace of John Mills was in Denham, Buckinghamshire.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter, who was born on 01-01-1942, goes to Dennis William Sciama for doctoral advice.
The generated text is : At a length of 98 minutes, the movie Super Capers starred Michael Rooker and Tom Sizemore. The film was distributed by both Roadside Attractions and Lionsgate.
The generated text is : Expect a Miracle is a compilation album that is 54.56 minutes long. Brian Kelly wrote and produced it. The album was preceded by Pools of Light, by Brian Kelly.
The generated text is : Adam West had a main role in the movie Super Capers.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy was born in Resadiye in Turkey. The official language of Turkey is Turkish and the currency is the Turkish lira.
The generated text is : Jamie Lawrence was born on March 8th, 1970.
The generated text is : Singing is typically present in sludge metal.
The generated text is : Tom Simon directed and produced Death on a Factory Farm which was also produced by Sarah Teale. The movie was edited by Geof Bartz and released by HBO.
The generated text is : Born in 1878, Harry Carey acted in, directed, and wrote the movie McVeagh of the South Seas. The movie was directed by Cyril Bruce.
The generated text is : Super Capers was a film starring Justin Whalin distributed by Lionsgate and Roadside Attractions. Attractions was founded in 2003.
The generated text is : Michael Rooker was born on April 6th 1955.
The generated text is : Contributor to the no-hair theorem and developer of the Carter Constant, Brandon Carter, works in the field of General Relativity. He was born in England on January, 1 1942. He graduated from the University of Cambridge where he was under the doctoral advisement of Dennis William Sciama.
The generated text is : Super Capers, distributed by Lionsgate and Roadside Attractions companies, is a movie starring Michael Rooker and Tom Sizemore.
The generated text is : Stoner sludge is a subgenre of sludge metal.
The generated text is : Anatole de Grunwald was the producer of 'English Without Tears,' a film with a running time of 89 minutes.
The generated text is : The Train song Mermaid was written by Espen Lind and Stargate, Michael Jackson's production team who is associated with the musical artist Benny Blanco.
The generated text is : Cyril Frankel directed the 1956 film It's Great to Be Young which runs 94 minutes and costed £282,838. The movie is starring John Mills and in Gilbert Taylor's cinematography.
The generated text is : Compilation album Expect a Miracle was produced by composer and pianist Brian Kelly following his earlier album Pools of Light. The album is an instrumental album with a total length of 54.56. Expect a Miracle was followed by Kelly’s Afterplay album.
The generated text is : The music of the film English Without Tears is composed by Nicholas Brodszky with Harold French as the director.
The generated text is : The song Mermaid by Train is written in the reggae music genre and was followed by the band’s cover of the John Lennon song Imagine. The original version of Imagine is in the pop music genre and was followed up by Lennon’s hit Happy Xmas (War is Over).
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson works in the professional field of Botany and is married to George Monson. She is of the English nationality but currently resides in India.
The generated text is : Death on a Factory Farm was edited by Geof Bartz and produced by Tom Simon. The 83 minute long film includes music composed by Jamie Lawrence.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva, born in Leningrad of the USSR, is an economist and mathematician who died in Saint Petersburg on December 9, 1991.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson, who was born in the Kingdom of England, lived there, and held British nationality, died on February 18th, 1776.
The generated text is : Mermaid is a song by Train released on the Columbia Records record label.
The generated text is : Mermaid is a song written by Train and it is distributed digitally.
The generated text is : Harry Carey, born in 1878, wrote, directed and starred in the movie McVeagh of the South Seas which was also directed by Cyril Bruce and registered in IMDb with the ID 0004319.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva was born on April 27, 1937 and graduated from Leningrad State University. She is currently working in the economic field.
The generated text is : Harry Carey (actor, born in 1878) was the writer of McVeagh of the South Seas.
The generated text is : The song Imagine by John Lennon was released on the album also named Imagine.
The generated text is : Super Capers is a 98 minute film starring Tom Lister Jr. Directed and written by Ray Griggs, he only made $30,955 from the film.
The generated text is : The Honeymoon Killers is the producer of the Turn Me On album.
The generated text is : John Mills, died in 2005, played leading role in the 1956 film It' Great to be young which was directed by Cyril Frankel. Cecil Parker also had a main role in the movie which was written by Ted Willis.
The generated text is : The Train song Mermaid belongs to the genre of pop rock, which was followed by the release of Imagine by John Lennon was also followed by Happy Xmas (War Is Over).
The generated text is : Tom Simon produced and directed the film Death on a Factory Farm whilst Jamie Lawrence composed the music. This film lasted for 83 minutes and was edited by Geof Bartz and broadcast by HBO.
The generated text is : Roadside Attractions and the public company Lionsgate distributed the English-language movie Super Capers with "en" as the ISO 639-1 code.
The generated text is : Wharton Tiers produced the Turn Me On album, followed by the album Take It Off!
The generated text is : Pop rock's subgenre is indie pop.
The generated text is : Nord is an album by Year of No Light in the sludge metal genre.
The generated text is : Pop rock is the genre of the band Train.
The generated text is : Super Capers is a movie starring Tom Sizemore and Michael Rooker. It’s 98 minutes and plays in English. It is distributed by Lionsgate and Roadside Attractions. Stacy Katzman was the film editor.
The generated text is : The song Mermaid belongs to the musical band Train, has a length of 3 minutes and 16 seconds, and is an example of the reggae genre.. This'll be my year by Train was followed by Mermaid (and the song Imagine) but The Train song Mermaid has a length of 3 minutes and 16 seconds (produced by the Espionage production team).
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva was born January 1, 1958. She attended Humboldt University and is a US citizen. Darinka Dentcheva is a mathematician who developed a theory influenced by Andrzej Piotr Ruszczynski in the field of mathematical optimization.
The generated text is : McVeagh of the South Seas was distributed by Alliance Films Corporation.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy was born and currently resides in Turkey, a unitary state whose area is comprised by 1.3 percent water, where he currently resides in the city of Istanbul.
The generated text is : Michael Rooker starring to film Super Capers written by director Ray Griggs born in 1974.
The generated text is : Punk blues, which usually uses a drum kit, is the genre of the album Turn Me On.
The generated text is : The Bootleg Series Volume I: The Quine Tapes is produced by The Velvet Underground.
The generated text is : The 1956 movie It's Great to Be Young was directed by Cyril Frankel, composed by Louis Levy, and its length is 94 minutes.
The generated text is : Nord, an album in the post metal genre was released on 06-09-2006 by the artist Year of No Light.
The generated text is : The album Turn Me On is an example of the musical genre known as noise rock.
The generated text is : It's Great to Be Young is a 1956 film which was produced by Cyril Frankel, and starred John Mills and Cecil Parker.
The generated text is : "Death on a Factory Farm" is a movie produced by Tom Simon and directed by Tom Simon.
The generated text is : The film English Without Tears (89 minutes long) features music composed by Nicholas Brodszky. English Without Tears was edited by Alan Jaggs, and the film's cinematography was done by Bernard Knowles.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter, a University of Cambridge alum in the field of General Relativity, was born on January 1, 1942.
The generated text is : Born in Darlington on January 1st, 1726, Lady Anne Monson lived in the Kingdom of England holding British nationality.
The generated text is : The album Turn Me On with the run time of 35.1 minutes was self produced by the American band, the Honeymoon Killers and Wharton Tiers.The album Turn Me On was preceded by the album Let It Breed.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva who was born in Leningrad, USSR on April 27, 1937 is known for Bondareva-Shapley theorem. She died in Saint Petersburg.
The generated text is : The Train song, Mermaid, was produced by the production team, Espionage, distributes digitally, and followed with a recording of Imagine by John Lennon.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy is a Turkish national (full name "Republic of Turkey") with Turkish citizenship. The primary language spoken in Turkey is Turkish.
The generated text is : Reggae's stylistic origin is rhythm and blues.
The generated text is : McVeagh of the South Seas, a film with the IMDb #0004319, was distributed by Alliance Films Corporation and produced by the Progressive Motion Picture Company. The film was directed by Cyril Bruce and Harry Carey, who was born in 1878 and also starred in and wrote the film.
The generated text is : The film Super Capers starred Justin Whalin.
The generated text is : Anatole de Grunwald's English Without tears cinematography was done by Bernard Knowles.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson was born in the Kingdom of England whose capital was previously Winchester.
The generated text is : The Mermaid song by Train has a total runtime of three minutes and sixteen seconds.
The generated text is : Mermaid, written by the band Train, was followed by the released of their performance of the John Lennon song Imagine. Lennon's recording of the song was followed by Happy Xmas (War is Over).
The generated text is : Harold French was a film director who directed English without Tears.
The generated text is : Reşadiye is part of the Tokat Province.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva, born January 1, 1958, is a professional in the field of mathematical optimization known for Stochastic programming.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva is known for Bondareva-Shapley theorem. She was born on April, 1937 and her birth name was Olga Nikolaevna Bondareva.
The generated text is : Harold French started being an active actor in 1920.
The generated text is : Expect a Miracle, a compilation album produced by Brian Kelly with a runtime of 54.56 minutes, was preceded by Kelly's album Pools of Light.
The generated text is : Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes released on October 16, 2001 is 230.05 minutes long.
The generated text is : Noise pop is a fusion genre, having elements from noise rock, among other things.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson is from the Kingdom of England. She resided in India and was married to George Monson.
The generated text is : Louis Levy, who was born on November 20, 1894, is the music composer for the film "It's Great to be Young."
The generated text is : Brandon Carter was born in 1942 on January, 1 and graduated from the University of Cambridge. He is best known for creating the Penrose diagram.
The generated text is : Saint Petersburg, where Olga Bondareva died, was founded on May 27, 1703.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter, born in England on January 1, 1942, had Dennis William Sciama as his doctoral advisor.
The generated text is : Mermaid is a pop rock song by Train released on the Columbia Records record label.
The generated text is : Johnny Colt & Charlie Colin are former band members of Train, the band which sings the song Mermaid.
The generated text is : Altar of Plagues is a band associated with Year of No Light which produced the album Nord.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva graduated from Leningrad State University and currently works in the field of Economics. She is most widely known for Bondareva-Shapley theorem.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter was born in England on January 1, 1942. He graduated from the University of Cambridge and the chancellor of the University was known as David Sainsbury. The doctoral advisor of Brandon Carter while he was at the University was Dennis William Sciama.
The generated text is : The album Live at Roadburn 2008 was followed by “Karysun / Year of No Light”.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva, known for Bondareva-Shapley theorem, was born on April 27, 1937.
The generated text is : Harry Carey (actor, born in 1878) was the actor and writer of McVeagh of the South Seas, IMDb ID 0004319.
The generated text is : Harry Carey born in 1878 is starring in the film McVeagh of the South Seas, registered in IMDb with the ID 0004319. The film was produced by Progressive Motion Picture Company.
The generated text is : Post-hardcore is a derivative of noise rock.
The generated text is : Anatole de Grunwald died in London.
The generated text is : Hip hop music is a derivative of reggae.
The generated text is : The punk blues album Turn Me On is a noise rock genre and has a run time of 35 minutes 10 seconds. Its producer is Wharton Tiers.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson was born in Darlington, England making her nationality English.
The generated text is : 'English Without Tears' was written by Terence Rattigan.
The generated text is : Adam West got his first role in 1954.
The generated text is : Super Capers, which is a movie written and directed by Ray Griggs, starred Danielle Harris.
The generated text is : Super Capers is a film that stars Michael Rooker and is distributed by Roadside Attractions and Lionsgate. The budget for the film was $2,000,000.
The generated text is : It's Great to Be Young was a film from 1956; its length is 94 minutes. John Mills had a main role in the film which accrued 282,838 pounds at the box office.
The generated text is : University of Cambridge is located in England.
The generated text is : The movie English Without Tears' released on July 28, 1994. Produced by Anatole de Grunwald, it also featured Nicholas Brodszky's music compositions while he also worked as part of the non-performing staff.
The generated text is : The release of the song Imagine by John Lennon was followed by the release of the song Happy Xmas (War Is Over).
The generated text is : Leningrad State University is the alma mater of Olga Bondareva. Olga Bondareva died in Saint Petersburg. St Petersburg is a city in Russia and Georgy Poltavchenko is the current leader there.
The generated text is : Mathematical optimization is the professional field of Andrzej Piotr Ruszczynski.
The generated text is : Expect a Miracle is preceded by the Brian Kelly album Pools of Light.
The generated text is : Turn Me On is a self-produced album by the Honeymoon Killers that falls under the genres of punk blues and noise rock.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva is known for Bondareva-Shapley theorem, and was given the birth name ''Olga Nikolaevna Bondareva''.
The generated text is : Death on a Factory Farm, produced and directed by Tom Simon and edited by Geof Bartz was broadcast by HBO. The music was composed by Jamie Lawrence and Sarah Teale was co-producer.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson lived in the Kingdom of England and held British nationality but resided in India for most of her life. Pranab Mukherjee is the leader of India, which has a total area of 32875900000000.
The generated text is : Super Capers made $30,955 and starred infamous actor, Adam West. It was written and directed by Ray Griggs.
The generated text is : Super Capers, starring Michael Rooker and Tom Sizemore, is a movie in English.
The generated text is : Super Capers is a 98 minute movie starring Michael Rooker and Tom Sizemore. Stacy Katzman edited Super Capers which was filmed in English.
The generated text is : The Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes by Velvet Underground, a rock music genre, was released on October, 16, 2001 by Universal Music Group and Polydor Records.The Quine Tapes was preceded by Squeeze by The Velvet Underground.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva, a citizen of the United States of America, attended Humboldt University and is known for her work with stochastic programming.
The generated text is : The location that the Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes was recorded in was St. Louis Missouri.
The generated text is : The location that the Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes was recorded in was St. Louis, Missouri, and San Francisco, which is in the Pacific Time Zone.
The generated text is : It's Great to Be Young is a 1956 film that lasted for 94 minutes. The directors and music composers were Cyril Frankel and Louis Levy. It cost 282,838 pounds to produce the movie.
The generated text is : The band Train were signed to the record label Warner Music Group.
The generated text is : The music of ‘Death on a Factory Farm’ was composed by Jamie Lawrence. Tom Simon and Sarah Teale both directed the film.
The generated text is : Super Capers is a film starring Michael Rooker and Tom Sizemore, who began his career in 1989. The language of the movie Super Capers is English, which is the spoken language in Great Britain.
The generated text is : The John Lennon song Imagine is in the genre of pop music.
The generated text is : University of Cambridge is affiliated with the League of European Research Universities and is the alma mater of Brandon Carter.
The generated text is : The Expect a Miracle album which is of the instrumental music genre is followed by the album Afterplay.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter, known for the Carter constant and No-hair theorem, is a professional in the field of general relativity.
The generated text is : The title of the leader of Turkey is "President".
The generated text is : The album Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes was released and produced by the Velvet Underground. The album was recorded in St. Louis, Missouri, United States and has a run time of 230:05.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy was born on January 1st 1934 in Turkey.
The generated text is : The album Turn Me On is by the American band which is produced by The Honeymoon Killers which is a punk blues album.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson's nationality was with the Kingdom of England.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy was born in Reşadiye.
The generated text is : India was founded on January 26, 1950.
The generated text is : The song Mermaid belongs to the musical band Train written in the reggae music genre where Pop rock is the genre.
The generated text is : John Mills had a main role in the 94 minute movie It's Great to Be Young which took 282838 pounds at the box office. Louis Levy composed the music for the movie which had Gilbert Taylor as the cinematographer.
The generated text is : The total length of the Turn Me On album is 35 minutes 10 seconds.
The generated text is : Cecil Parker starred in the 1956 movie It's Great to Be Young which was written by Ted Willis and edited by Max Benedict.
The generated text is : Super Capers, a movie directed by Ray Griggs, was distributed by both Lionsgate and Roadside Attractions and had a 98 minute run time.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy (born January 1, 1934) was a Turkish citizen and national who had a residence in Istanbul.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter is known for the Carter constant and the No-hair theorem.
The generated text is : Terence Rattigan, who authored "English Without Tears", was born on 01/01/1911.
The generated text is : The Year of No Light album Nord was released on the date 2006-09-06 which runs 58.41 minutes, whose record is labelled by E-Vinyl. It was preceded by Year of No Light's album Demo 2004.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter is known for the Carter constant.
The generated text is : The song Imagine by John Lennon earned the FIMI certification.
The generated text is : Lou Reed is a former band member of the Velvet Underground.
The generated text is : The Year of No Light album Live at Roadburn 2008 was preceded by the album Nord (produced by Year of No Light ) and followed by the album Karysun / Year of No Light. It was produced by Roadburn Festival.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy resides in Istanbul in Turkey. Leaders like Recep Tayyip Erdoğan and Binali Yıldırım are from Turkey.
The generated text is : The Train song Mermaid was written by Amund Bjorklund.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson was born in Darlington on January 1st, 1726.
The generated text is : Harry Carey wrote and acted in the movie, McVeagh of the South Seas. He was born in 1878. The ID of the movie in the IMDb is under 0004319 and it’s produced by Progressive Motion Picture Company.
The generated text is : Wharton Tiers was born on January 1, 1953.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva currently works in the Field of Economics and also works in the field of Mathematics.
The generated text is : The film "It's Great to Be Young" starring John Mills was released in 1956. It was directed by Cyril Frankel and music was composed by Louis Levy. Cinematography is taken care by Gilbert Taylor, and duration of the film is 94 minutes. The film collected 282,838 pounds.
The generated text is : The American band, the Honeymoon Killers, self-produced its album called Turn Me On followed by the Take it Off album where The extended play song, 'Til Death Do Us Part came after Take It Off!
The generated text is : Cyril Frankel, a television director, directed the 1956 movie It's Great to Be Young.
The generated text is : The Train song “Mermaid”, which is an example of the reggae genre, was followed by the band’s cover of “Imagine” by John Lennon.
The generated text is : The 58.41 minute Year of No Light album Nord was preceded by Demo 2004.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy a Turkish national, residing in Tesvikiye, Turkey was born on January 1, 1934 in Turkey. He won the State Award for Superior Achievement.
The generated text is : The release date of Nord, Year of No Light Album, is 06-09-2006.
The generated text is : The duration of the film 'It's great to be young', from 1956, is 94 minutes.
The generated text is : Mermaid is a song by Train which has been released on both the Columbia Records and Sony Music Entertainment record labels.
The generated text is : John Mills was married to Aileen Raymond.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva-born as Olga Nikolaevna Bondareva-was a student at Leningrad State University. She was known for the Bondareva-Shapley theorem and later died in Saint Petersburg.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva was a student at Leningrad State University.
The generated text is : The Train song Mermaid, of the reggae genre, written by Espen Lind and Amund Bjørklund with runtime of 3 minutes and 16 seconds was produced by the Espionage production team. It was followed with Imagine, a song by John Lennon.
The generated text is : Adam West had a main role in the movie Super Capers which was distributed by Roadside Attractions and Lionsgate.
The generated text is : The song Mermaid is off the album California 37 by the band Train.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva, also known as Olga Nikolaevna Bondareva, was born on April 27, 1937 and died in Saint Petersburg.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter is known for his work with the Doomsday argument.
The generated text is : Lionsgate provides digital distribution service.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva, whose professional field was Economics and Mathematics, died on December 9, 1991.
The generated text is : Noise rock is a fusion genre of rock music.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva currently resides in the US state of New Jersey, where one of the leaders of the country is the Vice President.
The generated text is : English Without Tears is 89 minutes long.
The generated text is : Botanist Lady Anne Monson was born in Darlington in the Kingdom of England. She lived from January 1st, 1726 to February 18th, 1776.
The generated text is : The OS grid reference for Darlington is NZ289147.
The generated text is : Directed by Cyril Bruce, McVeagh of the South Seas stars actor Harry Carey, who was born in eighteen seventy-eight.
The generated text is : Year of No Light followed their album Nord with the album Live at Roadburn 2008.
The generated text is : Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes was created by The Velvet Underground, a proto-punk band.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva is known for her work with stochastic programming.
The generated text is : The album Turn Me On is punk blues, a genre which originated from the earlier garage rock sound.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter who was born in England, graduated from the University of Cambridge and developed General Relativity as his profession. His doctoral advisor was Dennis William Sciama.
The generated text is : "English Without Tears", which was written by Anatole de Grunwald, has a running time of 89 minutes.
The generated text is : Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes by The Velvet Underground was released on October 16, 2001. It was preceded by the album Squeeze, which itself was preceded by the compilation album Andy Warhol's Velvet Underground Featuring Nico.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson was born in Darlington in the Kingdom of England on January 1, 1726. She was the spouse of George Monson. Lady Anne Monson died on 1776-02-18.
The generated text is : Olga Nikolaevna Bondareva, was born on April 27 1937 and died in St Petersburg on December 9 1991. A student of Leningrad State University, she was known for the Bondareva-Shapley theorem.
The generated text is : The 89-minute-long movie English Without Tears includes music composed by Nicholas Brodszky. Alan Jaggs was in charge of the editing.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson whose nationality was with the Kingdom of England, had a residence in India and died on February 18, 1776.
The generated text is : Nicholas Brodszky has a non-performing background.
The generated text is : John Lennon wrote the song Imagine, and then wrote Power to the People.
The generated text is : Dennis William Sciama was the doctoral advisor for Brandon Carter, known for the Carter Constant.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva (United States citizen) was born on January 1st, 1958. Mathematical optimization is her professional field.
The generated text is : Both Michael Rooker and Tom Sizemore starred in Super Capers which was edited by Stacy Katzman.
The generated text is : The song Mermaid by Train was written by Espen Lind and Amund Bjorklund and released on December 27, 2017. The song Mermaid is three minutes and sixteen seconds long. Mermaid is preceded by the song "This'll Be My Year" then after by John Lennon's "Imagine".
The generated text is : The Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes was released under the Polydor Records record label and the Universal Music Group on 2001-10-16. The album has a total runtime of 230:05.
The generated text is : English Without Tears, an 89 minute long film released on 1944-07-28, was directed by Harold French. The editing was done by Alan Jaggs, and the composing was done by Nicholas Brodszky.
The generated text is : The leader of Saint Petersburg is Georgy Poltavchenko.
The generated text is : 'Death on a Factory Farm' was produced by Tom Simon.
The generated text is : Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes were recorded in St. Louis, Missouri and San Francisco, where 628 is an area code.
The generated text is : Turkey is formally known as "Republic of Turkey".
The generated text is : The location of Lionsgate is in the United States.
The generated text is : Tom Sizemore stars in Super Capers alongside Michael Rooker who also appears in the movie. Super Capers is a film spoken in English that runs for 98 minutes.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva worked in the field of mathematical optimization and was influenced by Andrzej Piotr Ruszczynski. She was born on January 1st 1989 and is a citizen of the United States.
The generated text is : Pat Monahan is the writer of the song Mermaid by the band Train.
The generated text is : Nord is a post metal genre band that is owned by record label Crucial Blast. The music was released on September 6, 2006. The first E-Vinyl that was ever created was the Year of No Light.
The generated text is : Geof Bartz is the editor of the film Death on a Factory Farm.
The generated text is : Death on a Factory Farm has a duration of 83 minutes.
The generated text is : Baroque pop is a fusion genre which includes some elements of pop rock.
The generated text is : Harry Carey (born 1878) was a movie actor and starred in and directed McVeagh of the South Seas. Cyril Bruce also directed McVeagh of the South Seas.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva, born on April 27, 1937, works in the fields of Mathematics and Economics.
The generated text is : Nord is an album by Year of No Light in the sludge metal genre, which originated from the hardcore punk genre.
The generated text is : The University of Cambridge is the alma mater of Brandon Carter, who was born in England. David Sainsbury, also known as the Baron Sainsbury of Turville, and Leszek Borysiewicz are respectively the chancellor and vice chancellor of the University of Cambridge.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy, a Turkish national, resides in Istanbul, Turkey. With Ankara as its capital, many people’s religion is defined as irreligion in Turkey.
The generated text is : Super Capers' gross income was $30,955.
The generated text is : The album Turn Me On is a punk blues album by the American band The Honeymoon Killers in the noise rock genre.
The generated text is : The language of the movie Super Capers is English.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy, recipient of the State Award for Superior Achievement, was born in Reşadiye, and resides in Tesvikiye.
The generated text is : Louis Levy is the music composer for the film "It"s great to Be Young".
The generated text is : The Bootleg Series Volume I: The Quine Tapes was recorded in the United States.
The generated text is : Lionsgate is an entertainment company.
The generated text is : Expect a Miracle by Brian Kelly is an instrumental album. It is preceded by Pools of Light and followed by Afterplay.
The generated text is : Monarch is a band that is associated with Year of No Light.
The generated text is : Juliet Mills is the daughter of John Mills.
The generated text is : Anatole de Grunwald wrote and produced the 89 minute movie English Without Tears which was edited by Alan Jaggs and had Bernard Knowles as the cinematographer.
The generated text is : Phil Spector produced John Lennon’s song Imagine.
The generated text is : Expect a Miracle's genre is easy listening was produced and recorded by the artist Brian Kelly.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy (born in Resadiye, Turkey) is of Turkish nationality. Turkey has an area of 783,356 square kilometers.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter, whose alma mater is the University of Cambridge with Dennis William Sciama as his doctoral advisor, was born in England on January 1, 1942 and is known for the Doomsday argument.
The generated text is : The stylistic origin of the musical genre punk blues lies in earlier garage rock sound.
The generated text is : Known for his contributions to the no-hair theorem, Brandon Carter was born on January 1st, 1942 in England.
The generated text is : Expect a Miracle created and produced by composer and pianist Brian Kelly has a run time of 54.56 minutes. It was preceded by the album Pools of Light.
The generated text is : Anatole de Grunwald wrote and produced English Without Tears which had Bernard Knowles as the cinematographer.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter, who was born on January 1st, 1942, is a graduate from the University of Cambridge.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva was born on April 27, 1937.
The generated text is : Lionsgate offers broadcast programming service.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy (born on January 1, 1934) is a Turkish citizen who resides in Istanbul.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy lives in Istanbul where one of the leaders is titled Mayor.
The generated text is : The Brian Kelly album Afterplay was preceded by Pools of Light and then Expect a Miracle.
The generated text is : Dennis William Sciama was the doctoral advisor of Brandon Carter, an England native, who contributed to the No-Hair Theorem, but is more famously known for the Carter Constant and his work in General Relativity.
The generated text is : Nord is an album in the post metal genre by Year of No Light.
The generated text is : Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes was preceded by the album Squeeze.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy, a Turkish national residing in Istanbul was born on 1934-01-01 in Turkey.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy, born in Resadiye, has been awarded the State Award for Superior Achievement.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson professional field of study was botany.
The generated text is : Super Capers is a film distributed by Roadside Attractions, with digital distribution and broadcast programming service provided by Lionsgate.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva ( birth date January 1st, 1958) studied Mathematical optimization from Humboldt University. She is known for her work with stochastic programming.
The generated text is : English Without Tears is a 89 minute film that was written and produced by Anatole de Grunwald. the movie was released on July 28th, 1944. Nicholas Brodszky was the musical composer and Harold French was the director . The editing was done by Alan Jaggs.
The generated text is : The motto of the United States is "In God We Trust".
The generated text is : The album titled Year of No Light was released on June 9, 2006 by the sludge metal and post metal band, Nord.
The generated text is : The rock album Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes by the Velvet Underground was preceded by the album Squeeze.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva was born on April 27th, 1937, in Leningrad, which was then part of the USSR. Her given name at birth was "Olga Nikolaevna Bondareva".
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva was born on January 1, 1958.
The generated text is : English Without Tears is a film directed by Harold French.
The generated text is : English Without Tears is an 89 minute movie that was released on July 28th, 1944. It was directed by Harold French and edited by Alan Jaggs. The producers and music composers consists of Anatole de Grunwald and Nicholas Brodszky.
The generated text is : The music for the movie "English Without Tears" was composed by Nicholas Brodszky, whereas the movie was edited by Alan Jaggs, produced and written by Anatole de Grunwald, while Bernard Knowles did the cinematography.
The generated text is : San Francisco's area code is 628.
The generated text is : Cecil Parker, born in 1897, stars in the 1956 film It's Great to be Young.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva who was known for the Bondareva-Shapley theorem was born on April 27, 1937 and died in Saint Petersburg.
The generated text is : Expect a Miracle was followed by Afterplay by Brian Kelly.
The generated text is : The album Let It Breed is preceded by the release of the album Love American Style.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva, who was born on January 1, 1958 and was influenced by Andrzej Piotr Ruszczynski, is a United States Citizen. The area total of the United States is 9,833,520.
The generated text is : Reşadiye is in the country of Turkey.
The generated text is : One key person of Lionsgate is Jon Feltheimer.
The generated text is : Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes of rock genre created and produced by Velvet Underground with 230.05 minutes runtime was recorded through Polydor Records and Universal Music Group record label. It was preceded by the album Squeeze.
The generated text is : Max Benedict died in London.
The generated text is : The time zone of Istanbul is Eastern European time.
The generated text is : It's Great to Be Young is a 1956 film directed by Cyril Frankel, who was born in the UK.
The generated text is : Lionsgate, the distributor for the movie Super Capers, has two key people: Jon Feltheimer and Michael R. Burns. Super Capers is directed by Ray Griggs and stars Michael Rooker.
The generated text is : The Turn Me On album was followed by the Take it Off album.
The generated text is : "English Without Tears" was produced by Anatole de Grunwald who was born on December 25, 1910.
The generated text is : Year of No Light made an album called Nord, which was released by the record label Crucial blast.
The generated text is : Humboldt University is Darinka Dentcheva's alma mater.
The generated text is : Stacy Katzman edited Super Capers, a move with a 2000000.0 budget, which was written and directed by Ray Griggs and had a duration of 98 minutes and grossed $30.995.
The generated text is : "It's great to Be Young" was written by the musical composer, Louis Levy, a native of England.
The generated text is : The John Lennon song Imagine is produced by Phil Spector, but The Train song Mermaid, which is followed by the song Imagine, was produced by the Espionage production team.
The generated text is : Musical group the Velvet Underground released The album The Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes, which was recorded under the Universal Music Group and its parent company Vivendi. A former member of the band was Lou Reed.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy, who was born on January 01, 1934 in Turkey, currently also resides there (Istanbul) and has both Turkish nationality and citizenship.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy was born in Turkey, a country that has an area total of 783,356.0 km^2.
The generated text is : Harry Carey, born in 1878, wrote, directed and acted in the film McVeagh of the South Seas which was produced by the Progressive Motion Picture Company. Cyril Bruce also directed the movie which was distributed by Alliance Films Corporation.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva, born on April 27, 1937 in Soviet Leningrad, died in Saint Petersburg. The city was founded on May 27, 1703.
The generated text is : Train followed This’ll Be My Year with Mermaid, and then with Imagine, a song written by John Lennon prior to that artist’s release of Happy Xmas (War is Over).
The generated text is : Expect a Miracle has a runtime of 54:56.
The generated text is : Founded on My 27th 1703, St Petersburg is led by a Governor. Olga Bondareva was a famous resident. Bondareva died in St Petersburg.
The generated text is : The album Nord was produced by Year of No Light and won the album of the year in the sludge metal genre.
The generated text is : Super Capers is a film starring Michael Rooker.
The generated text is : Justin Whalin stars in Super Capers, which is written by director Ray Griggs.
The generated text is : Released in 1956, the movie It's Great to be Young lasted for 94 minutes and grossed £282,838. The director was Cyril Frankel and Cecil Parker together with John Mills had main roles, whilst Gilbert Taylor was the cinematographer.
The generated text is : Expect a Miracle was produced by Brian Kelly - a composer & pianist,-. has runtime is 54.56, and s a compilation album.The Brian Kelly album Expect a Miracle was preceded by the album Pools of Light & followed by Brian Kelly's Afterplay album.
The generated text is : Even though Darinka Dentcheva's alma mater is Humboldt University, she currently resides in New Jersey (United States).
The generated text is : English without Tears is a 89 minute movie that was released on July 28th, 1944. The editor is Alan Jaggs and the music composer is Nicholas Brodszky.
The generated text is : Economist Olga Bondareva with full name Olga Nikolaevna Bondareva graduated from Leningrad State University. She died in Saint Petersburg on the 9th of December, 1991.
The generated text is : English Without Tears was edited by Alan Jaggs, produced by Anatole de Grunwald, with Bernard Knowles as the cinematographer.
The generated text is : Influenced by Andrzej Piotr Ruszczyński, Darinka Dentcheva became a professional in the field of mathematical optimization.
The generated text is : The album Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes was released on 10-16-2001.
The generated text is : The long name for India is the Republic of India.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva resides in New Jersey, USA. Her alma mater is Humboldt University. Darinka Dentcheva is known for stochastic programming and was influenced by Andrzej Piotr Ruszczynski.
The generated text is : Max Benedict began his career in 1947.
The generated text is : John Mills is the spouse of Mary Hayley Bell.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva's professional field is Mathematical optimization, particularly with stochastic programming.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson died on February 18, 1776.
The generated text is : Justin Whalin was born in San Francisco.
The generated text is : Mermaid is a song released on the record label Columbia Records and previously under Sony Music Entertainment. Train is the band that created the 3 minutes and 16 seconds long song.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva, born on January 1st,1958, is a US citizen.
The generated text is : Nord is a post metal album by Year of No Light and was released by Crucial Blast record label.
The generated text is : Before her death on February 18, 1776, Lady Anne Monson was a resident of India married to George Monson.
The generated text is : The album Turn Me On, which has a runtime of 35.1 minutes, is preceded by the album Let It Breed.
The generated text is : It's Great to be Young is a 1956 film starring Cecil Parker and John Mills. Mills was married to Aileen Raymond and Mary Hayley Bell.
The generated text is : The genre of the Honeymoon Killers' album Turn Me On is punk blues.
The generated text is : Physicist Brandon Carter, born January 1st, 1942, is a professional in the field of General Relativity. His doctoral advisor was Dennis William Sciama.
The generated text is : The compilation album Expect a Miracle, which was produced by Brian Kelly, has a runtime of 54:56.
The generated text is : In the film It's Great to Be Young, which was filmed in 1956 and lasted 94 minutes, Cyril Frankel was the director, Gilbert Taylor was the cinematographer. The film music composer was Louis Levy, and the main role was portrayed by Cecil Parker.
The generated text is : Louis Levy is the music composer of It's Great to Be Young (1956 film) in Gilbert Taylor's cinematography whereas Max Benedict its editor.
The generated text is : Polydor Records released the rock album, The Bootleg Series Volume I: The Quine Tapes.
The generated text is : The chancellor of the University of Cambridge is David Sainsbury, Baron Sainsbury of Turville.
The generated text is : Tesvikiye was the primary residence of Nurhan Atasoy.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy (born January 1, 1934) resides in Istanbul. They are of Turkish nationality.
The generated text is : Super Capers is a 98-minute English-language movie that was edited by Stacy Katzman. It was written by Lionsgate and Roadside Attractions.
The generated text is : Justin Whalin’s job is a presenter.
The generated text is : Expect a Miracle, with a runtime of 54:56, was preceded by Pools of Light by Brian Kelly.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva, a United States citizen born January 1, 1958, is a mathematician working in the field of mathematical optimization. She is known for her work with stochastic programming and developed a theory influenced by Andrzej Piotr Ruszczyński. Humboldt University is her alma mater.
The generated text is : The album Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes by the Velvet Underground was recorded in San Francisco under the Polydor Records record label. It was preceded by the album Squeeze.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter was born in England on January 1st, 1942. He is a physicist and a professional in the field of general relativity. Dennis William Sciama was his doctoral advisor. Carter is known for inventing the Carter constant and proving the no-hair theorem.
The generated text is : John Roberts is a leader in the United States, where Darinka Dentcheva resides (in New Jersey), and Joe Biden is also one of the leaders.
The generated text is : Cyril Frankel was born in the UK.
The generated text is : Harold French is born in the UK.
The generated text is : Death on a Factory Farm is an HBO Film directed and produced by Tom Simon. Geof Bartz is the editor.
The generated text is : The Year of No Light's sludge metal album called Nord was released on Sept 6. 2006 followed by the album Live at Roadburn 2008. The Nord album was produced and released by Year of No Light under the Crucial Blast music label.
The generated text is : Tom Simon directed and produced the 83 minute movie Death on a Factory Farm which was edited by Geof Bartz and broadcasted by HBO.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy, born of Turkish stock in Turkey on the date 1934-01-01, is a Turkish citizen with a residence in Istanbul.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson was born on January 1, 1726 in Darlington, the Kingdom of England.
The generated text is : Train's hit Mermaid written by Espen Lind was put out by the Sony Music Entertainment record label.
The generated text is : British national Lady Anne Monson lived in the Kingdom of England whose capital was Winchester.
The generated text is : Expect a Miracle in the instrumental music genre, an easy listening album lasts 54.56 minutes.
The generated text is : New Jersey has a total area of 22,591.38.
The generated text is : Nord, an album produced by Year of No Light, is in the sludge metal genre and was followed with the album Live at Roadburn 2008.
The generated text is : The genres of the album Turn Me On are punk blues and noise rock. The stylistic origins of these two genres are garage rock and noise music respectively.
The generated text is : Super Capers is a film starring Tom Lister Jr.
The generated text is : The population density in metropolitan Istanbul is 2691.0.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson was born in England and died on February 18th, 1776. She was a botanist and was married to George Monson.
The generated text is : Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes was recorded in St. Louis, Missouri, United States and has a runtime of 230.05 minutes. It was preceded by the Velvet Underground's Squeeze.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva is known for Bondareva-Shapley theorem.
The generated text is : It's Great to be Young is a 1956 film starring John Mills and Cecil Parker. Louis Levy composed the music for the film.
The generated text is : Jamie Lawrence composed the music for the movie "Death on a Factory Farm", which was produced and directed by Tom Simon.
The generated text is : It's Great to Be Young is a 1956 film directed by Cyril Frankel.
The generated text is : The Train song Mermaid, from the California 37 album, is followed by the John Lennon song Imagine from the Imagine album.
The generated text is : English Without Tears was released on 1944-07-28.
The generated text is : Harold French is a film director.
The generated text is : Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes is a rock album released by The Velvet Underground and was preceded by Squeeze. The album was released by Polydor Records and Universal Music Group.
The generated text is : The Bootleg Series Volume I: The Quine Tapes was recorded in the United States under the Polydor Records record label. The album is owned by the label Universal Music Group, whose key person is Lucian Grainge.
The generated text is : “Mermaid” is a song by Train on their “California 37” album. The song was produced by the Espionage production team and Stargate. It was written by Amund Bjorklund and is available in digital format.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy is a Turkish national. In Turkey the primary language spoken is Turkish.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy is of Turkish nationality and a citizen of Turkey born on January 1, 1934 in Turkey.
The generated text is : Squeeze is an album produced by the Velvet Underground.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson was born in Darlington which is located in Kingdom of England.
The generated text is : Tom Sizemore, who is an actor, stars in Super Capers.
The generated text is : The Quine Tapes was preceded by Squeeze by The Velvet Underground which was recorded in San Francisco and fits into the Rock music genre.
The generated text is : Released on September 6 of 2006 A Year of No Light's post-metal album," Nord," was followed up by "Live at Roadburn 2008." Produced by the artist, The Year of No Light, the album, "Nord" is in the sludge metal genre.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva's current residence is in New Jersey, United States where the most commonly spoken language is English.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy, born January 1st, 1934, was of Turkish nationality.
The generated text is : Turkey, the birthplace of Nurhan Atasoy, has a unitary government.
The generated text is : The film McVeagh of the South Seas, with the IMDb ID of 0004319, was directed by Cyril Bruce and starred Harry Carey who was born in 1878.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva, born as Olga Nikolaevna Bondareva, was born on April 27th, 1937. She graduated from Leningrad State University, earning fame for the Bondareva-Shapley theorem. Olga died in Saint Petersburg.
The generated text is : Artist Brian Kelly, who is a composer and pianist, created and produced Expect a Miracle.
The generated text is : John Mills had a main role in the 1956 film It's Great to Be Young, starring alongside Cecil Parker. Mills died in Denham, Buckinghamshire.
The generated text is : Andrzej Piotr Ruszczyński is known for his work with stochastic programming.
The generated text is : The album Nord was produced and created by the artist Year of No Light and was released by the record label Crucial blast on 06-09-2006.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson was born in Darlington, located in the Kingdom of England, on January 1, 1726. She later died on February 18, 1776.
The generated text is : Even though Darinka Dentcheva was never the Vice President, one of the leaders, of the United States, she was in fact a citizen of the United States.
The generated text is : McVeagh of the South Seas is written and directed by Harry Carey and Cyril Bruce. Carey was in the movie and born in 1878. The film is in the IMDb under the I.D. of 0004319.
The generated text is : Live at Roadburn 2008 by Year of No Light was produced by the Roadburn Festival.
The generated text is : Train followed Mermaid with Imagine, a song by John Lennon was produced by the production team Espionage and written by Pat Monahan.
The generated text is : The total area of the United States is around 9.8 million square kilometers.
The generated text is : Super Capers starred Adam West, who was born in the year 1928.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter was born on January 1st, 1942, in England. He graduated from the University of Cambridge, where his doctoral advisor was Dennis William Sciama. Carter is know for his Doomsday argument and for his work on the Anthropic Principle.
The generated text is : The Turn Me On song is a punk blues song, but the Turn Me On album is of the noise rock genre, which is a fusion of genre of noise pop.
The generated text is : The birthdate of Lady Anne Monson is 1726-01-01.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy, whose nationality is Turkish, was born in Turkey. He resides in Turkey in Istanbul.
The generated text is : Tom Simon is the director of Death on a Factory Farm.
The generated text is : The album Turn Me On, a punk blues and noise rock genre, is by the American band The Honeymoon Killers and has a runtime of 35 minutes 10 seconds.
The generated text is : The Bootleg Series Volume I: The Quine Tapes is being produced by The Velvet Underground after being recorded under the Universal Musical Group record label, and finally being released by the Polydor Records label.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy resides in Istanbul in Turkey where the primary language is Turkish.
The generated text is : Cecil Parker, also known as Cecil Schwabe, starred in It’s Great to Be Young alongside lead actor John Mills. The movie was released in 1956. Mills passed away in Denham, Buckinghamshire.
The generated text is : The total area of water in New Jersey is 3,544 square kilometers.
The generated text is : The song Mermaid was written by the band Train And produced by the Espionage production team. The song was followed by the release of the band’s cover of Imagine by John Lennon. The original song Imagine by John Lennon earned the FIMI certification.
The generated text is : Cyril Frankel was a television director.
The generated text is : It's Great to Be Young, which is a 1956 film directed by Cyril Frankel, is 94 minutes in length.
The generated text is : Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes, released by the record label Polydor Records, was preceded by the album Squeeze.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva died in Saint Petersburg.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy resides in Turkey.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter (born in 1942 on January, 1) graduated from the University of Cambridge where David Sainsbury is the chancellor, who is also known as Baron Sainsbury of Turville. Dennis William Sciama was the advisor of Carter.
The generated text is : This'll be my year by the band Train was followed by the pop rock song Mermaid. Train followed Mermaid with the John Lennon song, Imagine, which is preceded by Power to the People and followed up by Happy Xmas (War is Over).
The generated text is : Hayley Mills is the child of John Mills.
The generated text is : Terence Rattigan died on the 30th of November in the year 1977.
The generated text is : English Without Tears producer Anatole de Grunwald was born in Saint Petersburg.
The generated text is : The Velvet Underground Squeeze album was succeeded by the rock album Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes, recorded under record label Polydor Records in San Francisco.
The generated text is : The Turkish language is the official language of Turkey.
The generated text is : The language code (ISO 639-2) of the English language is eng.
The generated text is : Charlie Colin is a former band mate of the band Train.
The generated text is : The director of the movie English Without Tears was an avid actor since 1920. He goes by the name of Harold French. Editing and producing the movie was done by Alan Jaggs and Anatole de Grunwald respectively.
The generated text is : Saint Petersburg was founded on May 27, 1703.
The generated text is : Mermaid is a pop rock song by Train. It is three minutes and sixteen seconds long.
The generated text is : The town of Darlington has a population of one hundred and six thousand.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson, a British national was born on January 1, 1726 in Darlington, in the Kingdom of England. She died on February 18th, 1776.
The generated text is : The Train song Mermaid, which is an example of the reggae and pop rock genres, was produced by the Espionage production team and released on 2012-12-27. It was written by Espen Lind and was preceded by the song This'll be my year. The song has a total runtime of three minutes and sixteen seconds. The band followed this up with their cover of John Lennon’s Imagine.
The generated text is : Written by the Band Train and released by Columbia Records, Mermaid is a pop rock song with a total runtime of three minutes and sixteen seconds.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter born in England attended University of Cambridge whose vice chancellor is Leszek Borysiewicz.
The generated text is : The Nord album was preceded by the Demo 2004 album.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva, who was influenced by Andrzej Piotr Ruszczynski, is known for her work with stochastic programming.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy (born in Resadiye), who was awarded the State Award for Superior Achievement, previously resided in Istanbul (population: 2691 people per square kilometer) and currently lives in Turkey.
The generated text is : Anatole de Grunwald was born in Saint Petersburg.
The generated text is : The song Mermaid by Train (written by Espen Lind) was release on December 27, 2012. Mermaid has a total runtime of 3 minutes and 16 seconds, and belongs to the pop rock genre. Mermaid is preceded by the song This'll be my year.
The generated text is : Harold French was the director of the 89 minute film English Without Tears, where Nicholas Brodszky was the music composer.
The generated text is : The album Nord by the artist Year of No Light, was released by the record label Crucial blast on the E-Vinyl record label.
The generated text is : Altar of Plagues has been associated with Year of No Light.
The generated text is : Super Capers, an English-language movie, had a running time of 98 minutes and a 2,000,000 dollar budget. Super Capers was edited by Stacy Katzman, written by Ray Griggs, and starred Michael Rooker and Tom Sizemore.
The generated text is : Sarah Teale directed and produced the 83-minute movie Death on a Factory Farm which had Jamie Lawrence as the music composer. Tom Simon was also a producer of the movie.
The generated text is : Featuring Cecil Parker as a main role, It's Great to Be Young was edited by Max Benedict. The composer of music for the film was Louis Levy.
The generated text is : Death of a Factory Farm was produced and directed by Tom Simon. It was released by HBO and is 83 minutes long.
The generated text is : The Velvet Underground created the album Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes produced by The Velvet Underground which is 230.05 minutes long.
The generated text is : Kingdom of England is a unitary state form of government which is also Lady Anne Monson's nationality.
The generated text is : Anatole de Grunwald is the writer and producer of 'English Without Tears'.
The generated text is : India has a total area of 3287590000000.0.
The generated text is : The University of Cambridge is a research university.
The generated text is : It's Great to Be Young (a 1956 film directed by Cyril Frankel) is 94 minutes long. Louis Levy is the music composer for the film, while Cecil Parker had a main role in the film and Ted Willis is the writer.
The generated text is : Nicholas Brodszky composed music of the movie English Without Tears with a running time of 89 minutes and release date was 07-28-1944.
The generated text is : Punk blues is the genre of the album Turn Me On that was self-produced by the American band Honeymoon Killers. Noise rock is the genre of the album Turn Me On as well that has run time of 35.1 minutes which was preceded by the album Let It Breed.
The generated text is : 'English Without Tears' was written by Terence Rattigan and Anatole de Grunwald, who was born in Saint Petersburg.
The generated text is : Super Capers is a film starring Michael Rooker and Tom Sizemore.The film was edited by Stacy Katzman, and the language is English. Roadside Attractions is the distributor of the movie.
The generated text is : The three minute sixteen seconds Mermaid song written by the band Train is on Columbia Records.
The generated text is : American citizen Darinka Dentcheva was born on January 1st, 1958. After graduating from her alma mater Humboldt University, she began to work professionally in the field of Mathematical Optimization. This New Jersey resident is known for her work with stochastic programming, being heavily influenced by Andrzej Piotr Ruszczynski.
The generated text is : John Mills is playing the lead in the movie It's Great to Be Young, which was released in 1956.
The generated text is : Super Capers was distributed by Roadside Attractions and Lionsgate (founded by Frank Giustra).
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva is a citizen of the United States who works in the field of Mathematical optimization.
The generated text is : English Without Tears is written by Anatole de Grunwald.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy's birthplace is Turkey.
