The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca is the name of the ground of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense in Arapiraca. Alvinegro, the nickname of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league from Brazil.
The generated text is : Nie Haisheng is a former fighter pilot who was born on October 13, 1964.
The generated text is : MotorSport Vision is located in the city of Fawkham, UK.
The generated text is : The 185 cm tall Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow who call their home ground Otkrytiye Arena.
The generated text is : The city of Ciudad Ayala, with a population of 1,777,539, is led by a City Manager on a council-manager government system. It has a population density of 1604.
The generated text is : The Velvet Underground album Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes was preceded by the album Squeeze, which was followed by the live album 1969: The Velvet Underground Live.
The generated text is : Ciudad Ayala is a country in Mexico that is located 1147 above sea level and is in the Pacific Daylight time zone. The population density is 1604 and the leader of Ciudad Ayala is called the governator.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva died on the 9th of December, 1991.
The generated text is : Saint Petersburg, where Olga Bondareva died, was founded on the 27th of May, 1703 and has a total area of approximately 1439 km2.
The generated text is : Ciudad Ayala city has a population density of 1604.0.
The generated text is : Piotr Hallmann's birthday is August 25th 1987.
The generated text is : The telephone area code for Darlington is 01325.
The generated text is : The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument, a Contributing property established in the year 2000 in Adams County, Pennsylvania falls in the municipality of Gettysburg, Pennsylvania. Adams County Pennsylvania is East of Franklin County, Pennsylvania and has Cumberland County, Pennsylvania to its north.
The generated text is : Israel’s official language is Modern Hebrew.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : GMA New Media, which was founded on January 1, 2000, is a company that offers products such as mobile applications.
The generated text is : Hypermarcas, a pharmaceutical company, is located in Sao Paulo within the 8514837.14 square kilometres that make up the country of Brazil.
The generated text is : Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes's genre is rock, and is preceded by the Velvet Underground album Squeeze, which was preceded by the compilation album Andy Warhol's Velvet Underground Featuring Nico.
The generated text is : The Acharya Institute of Technology campus is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, India. Its director is Dr.G.P. Prabhukumar and it is affiliated to Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The generated text is : Abraham A.Ribicoff died in the United States. It was also his birthplace. African Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.A.
The generated text is : Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes created and produced by The Velvet Underground with runtime of 230.05 minutes was recorded in was St. Louis Missouri, United States. The Rock genre album was recorded through Polydor Records.
The generated text is : The Fellowship of the Ring was published in the Fantasy genre by George Allen & Unwin.
The generated text is : Awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by The United States Navy, Alan Shepard, was born in New Hampshire, and died in California.
The generated text is : Train followed its song Mermaid, from its California 37 album, which was was produced by the production team Espionage, with a song titled Imagine.
The generated text is : J.R.R. Tolkien is the author of The Fellowship of the Ring released on July 29, 1954. It is a fantasy book published by George Allen & Unwin. The novel was followed by The Two Towers.
The generated text is : Located in the Philippines, GMA New Media is an entertainment industry.
The generated text is : English Without Tears, an 89 minute film written by Terence Rattigan, features the cinematography of Bernard Knowles.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson, a professional botanist who was married to George Monson, died on February 18th, 1776.
The generated text is : Abdul Taib Mahmud, a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu party, resides in Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching, Sarawak.
The generated text is : Liselotte Grschebina is an Israeli national who did her studies at the School of Applied Arts in Stuttgart and was born in Karlsruhe, which is in Germany unlike Israel whose language is Modern Hebrew.
The generated text is : Chinabank is located in the Philippines.
The generated text is : Amund Bjorklund and Espen Lind are writers of the 3.16 minute reggae song Mermaid by Train that was released under Sony Music Entertainment and Columbia Records.
The generated text is : “It's Great to Be Young” (1956) was written by Ted Willis and features music by Louis Levy. A main role in the movie was given to Cecil Parker.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner is a post-metal musician born in Massachusetts who plays electric guitar, started performing in 1995 and is in the Lotus Eaters band.
The generated text is : The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 in Adams County, Pennsylvania which has Carroll County, Maryland to its southeast and Franklin County, Pennsylvania to its west. The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in the category of contributing property.
The generated text is : Year of No Light self-produced their album Nord. The album was released under the label Crucial Blast on September 6th, 2006. Nord falls into the sludge metal and post-metal genres.
The generated text is : The city Ciudad Ayala has population 1,777,539 making the density 1604.0. One of the leaders in the council-manager government is the City Manager. It is in UTC offset -6.
The generated text is : Super Capers is a 98 minute movie starring Michael Rooker and Tom Sizemore. It was written and directed by Ray Griggs. It had a budget of $2,000,000.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva was influenced by Andrzej Piotr Ruszczyński.
The generated text is : Harry Carey, born in 1878, wrote and appeared in the movie McVeagh of the South Seas.
The generated text is : Much like a cookie, Bionico is a dessert food whose ingredients include chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins. Bionico is found in the Guadalajara region of Mexico, which uses pesos are their currency and is home to Mexican people.
The generated text is : Ciudad Ayala is a city with a population density of 1,604. One of the leaders is called the City Manager.
The generated text is : Located in Madrid, Spain, ENAIRE operates the Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport in Alcobendas which reports a runway length of 3,500.
The generated text is : Bionico, a food that requires granola as one of its ingredients and served at the dessert is found in Mexico. The currency is the Peso.
The generated text is : 1147 Stavropolis epoch is 31 July 2016 (Julian Day 2457600.5) and the periapsis of 1147 Stavropolis is 260855000000.
The generated text is : Ciudad Ayala city which has a PDT time zone has a population density of 1604.0.
The generated text is : Chinabank currently brings in a net income of 15100000000 thanks to the efforts of its 5594 employees.
The generated text is : Bananaman was created by Steve Bright and last aired on April 15th 1986. It was broadcast by the BBC.
The generated text is : Bionico (a dessert) is a food found in Guadalajara in Mexico. The currency in Mexico is the Mexican peso inhabited by the Mexicans.
The generated text is : Live at Roadburn 2008 was preceded by the album Nord played by Year of No Light.
The generated text is : Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18, 1923. He was a crew member of Apollo 14, and died later on in California.
The generated text is : The four-stroke 12 cylinder ALCO RS-3 is 17068.8 millimetres long.
The generated text is : Olga Nikolaevna Bondareva, known for the Bondareva-Shapley theorem, was born on April 27, 1937 and died in Saint Petersburg.
The generated text is : J.R.R. Tolkien is the author of The Fellowship of the Ring published on July 29, 1954. This book belongs to the fantasy genre and came after The Hobbit.
The generated text is : The song Mermaid, by Train, is a Sony Music Entertainment release produced by Stargate along with the production team Espionage. Mermaid, written by Amund Bjorklund, is followed by John Lennon's Imagine.
The generated text is : The Year of No Light album Nord with runtime of 58.41 minutes was released by the artist on the date 2006-09-06. It was preceded by Year of No Light's album Demo 2004 and followed by Year of No Light's album Live at Roadburn 2008.
The generated text is : The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is categorised as a contributing property and stands in Adams County, Pennsylvania in the municipality of Gettysburg in the USA. Carroll County Maryland is southeast of Adams County.
The generated text is : Liselotte Grschebina died in Israel on June 14, 1994. Though she had Israeli nationality, she was born in the German Empire.
The generated text is : Currently serving all regions of the United States, AmeriGas is headquartered in the King of Prussia, Pennsylvania in the United States. An established company in the energy industry, AmeriGas has an operating income of $380,700,000 and a net income of $211,200,000.
The generated text is : The asteroid 1147 Stavropolis was discovered by Grigory Neujmin on the 11th of June 1929. It has an orbital period of 1249.6 days and an apoapsis of 418476000000.0.
The generated text is : Ciudad Ayala ruled by governator is in the country of Mexico with offset of -6 as well as sea level of 1147.0.
The generated text is : Ciudad Ayala, which has a UTC offset of -6, is part of Morelos.
The generated text is : The spouse of George Monson is Lady Anne Monson.
The generated text is : Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is a club of 17000 members in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league along with the Vila Nova Futebol Clube.
The generated text is : Bionico, a food found in the Jalisco region of Mexico, is served at the dessert course.
The generated text is : The rock album Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes was produced and recorded by the Velvet Underground in St. Louis, Missouri, USA.
The generated text is : Gdynia in Poland has a UTC (Coordinate Universal Time) offset of +2.
The generated text is : Nord is an album by Year of No Light, which is associated with the band Monarch.
The generated text is : Shenzhou 6 crew member Nie Haisheng was born in Zaoyang in Hubei province.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudnikov who is 185 cm tall is a member of the youth side of FC Spartak Moscow. The home ground of FC Spartak Moscow is Otkrytiye Arena.
The generated text is : Ending its production in 1997, the Pontiac Rageous was assembled in Detroit, Michigan.
The generated text is : Detroit has a total area of 370.03 square kilometers.
The generated text is : The 89 minute movie ´English Without Tears´ was directed by Harold French, and released on 7-28-1944. The songs used throughout the movie were composed by Nicholas Brodszky.
The generated text is : GMA New Media headquarters are located in the GMA Network Center.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva is an economist.
The generated text is : Nicholas Brodszky composed music of the movie English Without Tears.
The generated text is : The BBC (Broadcasting House) is based in London. The show Bananaman that starred Bill Oddie was broadcasted by BBC and last aired on April 15th, 1986. The creator of Bananaman was Steve Bright.
The generated text is : The ALCO RS-3, built by Montreal Locomotive Works, was produced between May 1950 and August 1956.
The generated text is : Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense has 17000 members and play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league, which Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions of.
The generated text is : Cecil Parker starred in the 1956 movie It's Great to Be Young.
The generated text is : Super Capers is directed by Ray Griggs.
The generated text is : The Year of No Light self produced album Nord, a sludge and post-metal genre was released on September 6, 2006. Its record label is Crucial Blast and was followed by Live at Roadburn 2008.
The generated text is : Train released Mermaid, produced by the Espionage team, shortly before covering John Lennon's Imagine. Imagine by John Lennon earned the FIMI certification.
The generated text is : Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport, operated by ENAIRE organisation, is elevated 610 metres above sea level and has the runway length of 3500.0. The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport runway name is 14L/32R.
The generated text is : Expect a Miracle is an easy listening album.
The generated text is : Liselotte Grschebina has the nationality of Israel where one of the ethnicities is Arab people.
The generated text is : The Velvet Underground album Squeeze was followed by the live album 1969: The Velvet Underground Live.
The generated text is : Completed on June 1st, 2009, Alan B. Miller Hall is owned by the College of William and Mary.
The generated text is : The Bootleg Series Volume I: The Quine Tapes, produced and created by The Velvet Underground with run time of 230.05 minutes was recorded in the United States. It belongs to rock genre.
The generated text is : Bionico is a dessert food that can be made with honey and is found in Mexico. Mexico is inhabited by Mexicans and their currency is the peso.
The generated text is : Gdynia, Poland is in the Central European Summer Time zone.
The generated text is : Roadside Attractions distributed Super Capers which was also distributed by the public company Lionsgate.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy is of Turkish nationality.
The generated text is : The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument, which was built in the year 2000, falls under the category of contributing property. The monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania which has Frederick County, Maryland to the southwest.
The generated text is : Train released their song Mermaid on December 27th, 2012. The song was written by Amund Bjorklund and Espen Lind, and runs three minutes and sixteen seconds long. Train's most recent song before Mermaid was This'll Be My Year.
The generated text is : Ciudad Ayala is part of Morelos and Graco Ramírez is a leader.
The generated text is : Bionico is a dessert food found in Mexico. Chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins are the main ingredients in Bionico. The currency of Mexico is the Peso.
The generated text is : General Relativity is Brandon Carter's professional field.
The generated text is : The University of Burgundy is in France which is led by Claude Bartolone.
The generated text is : Nie Haisheng was born in Hubei Province.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva is known for the Bondareva-Shapley theorem, described by Olga Nikolaevna Bondareva in Leningrad State University.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva is a professional in the field of mathematical optimization who went to Humboldt University.
The generated text is : Anatole de Grunwald was the producer of 'English Without Tears'.
The generated text is : Andrew Rayel, who is active in the trance musical genre, is associated with the following musical artists: Armin Van Buuren, Bobina, Mark Sixma, Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano, Alexandre Bergheau, Jonny Rose, Sylvia Tosun, Lira Yin and Alexandra Badoi.
The generated text is : American guitarist Aaron Turner is a post-metal musician who played electric guitar with the band Twilight.
The generated text is : The show Bananaman, starring Bill Oddie, was first broadcast on 10/03/83 by the BBC, whose headquarters are Broadcasting House. The character Bananaman was created by John Geering.
The generated text is : The construction of Alan B. Miller Hall began on March 30th, 2007. Robert A. M. Stern designed the building. Alan B. Miller Hall is located at 101 Ukrop Way, Williamsburg, Virginia, United States and the current tenant is the Mason School of Business/.
The generated text is : The native name of the Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is Turk Sehitleri Aniti located in Azerbaijan.
The generated text is : Southern sludge is a subgenre of sludge metal.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva, born in Leningrad, USSR on the date April 27, 1937 as "Olga Nikolaevna Bondareva", is alumni of Leningrad State University and known for the Bondareva-Shapley theorem.
The generated text is : It's Great to Be Young is a 1956 film which received £282,838 and featured John Mills in the lead role.
The generated text is : The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument's located in the United States near Adams County, Pennsylvania. It falls under the category of Contributing property and was established in the year 2000. Adams County, Pennsylvania has Cumberland County, Pennsylvania to its north.
The generated text is : Bill Oddie starred in Bananaman which last aired on April 15th, 1986. The show was broadcast by the BBC which is based at Broadcasting House in London.
The generated text is : The movie English Without Tears was written by Anatole de Grunwald and Terence Rattigan, who died in 1977, and directed by Harold French, who has been acting since 1920.
The generated text is : Steve Bright is the creator of Bananaman which is broadcast by the BBC.
The generated text is : Gdynia is the city in Poland under the leadership of Mayor.
The generated text is : The postal codes within Darlington are DL1, DL2, and DL3.
The generated text is : Hypermarcas was founded in 2001-01-01, it is a type of S.A corporation which has 10252 employees. It is a pharmaceutical company located in Brazil that make drugs. It is managed by a CEO.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on February 24, 1989 and is a member of the youth side of FC Spartak Moscow which plays out of Otkrytiye Arena.
The generated text is : Nie Haisheng was born on the 13th of October, 1964 in Hubei in the People's Republic of China.
The generated text is : An inhabitant of Turkey is called a Turk.
The generated text is : The film Super Capers is written by Ray Griggs and stars Danielle Harris. The film's running time is 98 minutes.
The generated text is : Harold French who was born in 1897 directed the film, English Without tears. Terence Rattigan wrote the movie and died on November 30th, 1977.
The generated text is : John Mills played the leading role in the 1956 movie It's Great to be Young which had Gilbert Taylor as cinematographer.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva (born on April 27, 1937) graduated from Leningrad State University, and died on the ninth of December 1991.
The generated text is : Chinabank is a publicly traded company that was founded on the 16th of August, 1920.
The generated text is : Akeem Ayers, born in 1989, made his debut for the Tennessee Titans.
The generated text is : Fantasy is The Fellowship of the Ring's genre.
The generated text is : In the USA, where African Americans are a national ethnic group, Casey Ribicoff and Abraham A. Ribicoff were married and Abraham later died there.
The generated text is : The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in the municipality of Gettysburg, Pennsylvania and falls under the category of contributing property. The monument is in Adams County, which has Frederick County, Maryland to the southwest, and was established in the year 2000.
The generated text is : Harry Carey, an actor born in 1878, was the director and writer for the film McVeagh of the South Seas which was produced by the Progressive Motion Picture Company.
The generated text is : Alan B Miller Hall is located in Virginia at 101 Ukrop Way and is owned by The College of William and Mary. It is currently tenanted by The Mason School of Business and was designed by Robert A.M. Stern.
The generated text is : The 94 minutes long 1956 movie It's Great to Be Young was directed by Cyril Frankel and starred Cecil Parker.
The generated text is : The population density of Israel is 387.63 people per square kilometre of land area.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva died in Saint Petersburg, a town which has an area of 1439 km2.
The generated text is : HBO broadcasted film, Death on a Factory Farm, was directed and produced by Tom Simon. Jamie Lawrence composed the music.
The generated text is : The BBC broadcasted TV show Bananaman, which starred Tim Brooke-Taylor and was created by Steve Bright. The BBC’s home and headquarters is Broadcasting House in London.
The generated text is : The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase, which is located at Al Anbar Province, Iraq.
The generated text is : Bedford Aerodrome has a runway called 08/26.
The generated text is : The Pontiac Rageous assembly line was in Detroit, which has total are of 370.03 square kilometers.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva was born on April 27, 1937 in Leningrad, part of the USSR.
The generated text is : The University of Burgundy in Dijon has 2900 staff members that educate a total of 27400 students of them 1299 are doctoral students, and 9400 are postgraduate students.
The generated text is : Chinabank, located in the Philippines, has 295 banking centers.
The generated text is : 1147 Stavropolis was discovered on June 11,1929. Its apoapsis is 418476000000.0 and the orbital period of the asteroid is 1249.6 days.
The generated text is : Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense has 17000 members and they played in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in the 2015 season from Brazil. The Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca is the name of the ground of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense in Arapiraca.
The generated text is : Apollo 14 crew member Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire, but died in California.
The generated text is : The Kingdom of England was a unitary state.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva currently lives in the United States where one of the leaders of the country is the Vice President.
The generated text is : The post-metal and sludge metal album Nord by The Year of No Light, produced by Year of No Light was released on September 6, 2008 and was preceded by the album Live at Roadburn 2008.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva was born in Leningrad, USSR and died in Saint Petersburg.
The generated text is : Year of No Light is the artist and producer of the album Nord, which was released on September 6, 2006. It is in the sludge metal genre. It preceded Live at Roadburn 2008.
The generated text is : The album Nord by the Year of No Light, who also produced it was released by the record label Crucial blast. The album Nord was followed with the album Live at Roadburn 2008.
The generated text is : Abraham A. Ribicoff, an American, is the husband of Casey Ribicoff.
The generated text is : The leader of India is Pranab Mukherjee.
The generated text is : Liselotte Grschebina was an Israeli born on May 2nd, 1908.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy resides in Istanbul which is in Turkey whose type of government is s unitary state.
The generated text is : Proto-punk is the genre of the Velvet Underground.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner is a post metal musician who started performing in 1995 and played with the band, Twilight.
The generated text is : The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, the state of Pennsylvania which is located northwest to Carroll County, Maryland.
The generated text is : On 1994-07-28,English Without Tears a 89 minutes long was released which is written by Terence Rattigan,done by Alan Jaggs and composed by Nicholas Brodszky.
The generated text is : A monument to the 11th Mississippi Infantry was built in 2000 in the municipality of Gettysburg which is in Adams County, Pennsylvania. Carroll County Maryland is southeast of Adams County, while Pennsylvania's Franklin County is to be found to the west. This monument is categorised as a contributing property.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner is a black metal musician who plays electric guitar in the Lotus Eaters.
The generated text is : George Allen & Unwin published the fantasy novel The Fellowship of the Ring, which was followed by its sequel The Two Towers.
The generated text is : Tom Simon and Sarah Teale directed the 83 minute movie Death on a Factory Farm which was edited by Geof Bartz. Jamie Lawrence composed music for this movie which was broadcasted by HBO.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudnikov, height 185 cm., born on 1989-02-24, and who plays for FC Amkar Perm, is in the FC Terek Grozny club the ground of which is based at Grozny.
The generated text is : The address of the Alan B. Miller Hall, which was designed by architect Robert A.M. Stern, is "101 Ukrop Way". The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of the building which began construction on the 30th of March 2007 and was completed on June 1st, 2009. The College of William and Mary is its current owner..
The generated text is : The Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes, which was preceded by the album Squeeze, was released by the record label Polydor Records and recorded under the Universal Music Group record label.
The generated text is : "Death on a Factory Farm" is a film both directed and produced by Tom Simon and Sarah Teale. The film runs for 83 minutes.
The generated text is : The Mason School of Business, inside Alan B Miller Hall, is in Williamsburg, Virginia at the College of William and Mary.
The generated text is : The Bootleg Series Volume I: The Quine Tapes is released by the record label Universal Music Group.
The generated text is : 'McVeagh of the South Seas' (a film registered in IMDb, ID 0004319) was directed by Cyril Bruce and Harry Carey, an actor born in 1878.
The generated text is : English Without Tears was a movie directed by Harold French that was released on July 28th 1944. Alan Jaggs edited the movie while Anatole de Grunwald produced it.
The generated text is : Noise pop is a fusion genre of noise rock an example of which is Turn Me On album.
The generated text is : NWC graduate Alan Shepard earned his MA in 1957, was born 11/18/1923 in New Hampshire and died in California.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson, who was born in Darlington, died on February 18, 1776.
The generated text is : The address of Alan B. Miller Hall is 101 Ukrop Way in Williamsburg, Virginia and the property was designed by Robert A M Stern. The owner of the building is The College of William and Mary and The Mason School of Business are currently based at the Hall and are the current tenants.
The generated text is : Ciudad Ayala is a part of Morelos which is a state in Mexico. The total area of Mexico is 1972550.0.
The generated text is : Pop rock has its stylistic origin in rock music.
The generated text is : Music group the Velvet Underground released album Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes, which have a runtime of 230.05 minutes.
The generated text is : Death on a Factory Farm, with a running time of 83.0, was produced and directed by Sarah Teale.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson was born in Darlington and resides in India. India was was founded on January 26, 1950 and is led by a president.
The generated text is : The Bootleg Series Volume I: The Quine Tapes, produced by The Velvet Underground and recorded in the United States, has a rung time 230.05 minutes.
The generated text is : The population of the metropolitan area of Ciudad Ayala, a part of Morelos, Mexico, located at 1147.0 above sea level, is 1,777,539, and the UTC offset for this Pacific Daylight Time zone area is -6.
The generated text is : Super Capers was directed by Ray Griggs who was born in 1974. The movie stars are Michael Rooker and Tom Sizemore.
The generated text is : The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 in the location of Infantry Monument is Adams County, Pennsylvania which is located in the United States.
The generated text is : The producer of Take It Off! is the American band the Honeymoon Killers.
The generated text is : Year of No Light followed their album Nord, released on 06-09-2006, with the album Live at Roadburn 2008. The album is in the genres of sludge metal and post metal.
The generated text is : The ALCO RS-3, produced between May 1950 and August 1956 with 12 cylinders, has a length of 17068.8 millimetres.
The generated text is : Ciudad Ayala's time zone is Pacific Daylight Time, the population density is 1604.0 and the population of the metropolitan area is 1,777,539. In Ciudad Ayala the leader is called the governator.
The generated text is : Liselotte Grschebina died in Petah Tikva which means ‘Opening of Hope’ in Hebrew and is located in Israel which has the full name of the State of Israel.
The generated text is : Liselotte Grschebina, born in Karlsruhe on 1908-05-02, is an Israeli photographer. She died on the 14th of June, 1994 in Israel.
The generated text is : Adam West was born in 1928.
The generated text is : Expect a Miracle is an instrumental album in the easy listening genre. It is 54:56 minutes long and is a compilation album. Afterplay, by Brian Kelly was released after it.
The generated text is : Alan Shepard was born on November 18, 1923 in New Hampshire in the U.S., and he died in California. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy.
The generated text is : The College of William and Mary is the owner of the Alan B.Miller Hall (address: "101 Ukrop Way"). It was completed on June 1st, 2009, and the Mason School of Business are its current tenants.
The generated text is : The place served by the Bedford Aerodrome is the Bedford Autodrome.
The generated text is : Take It Off! is an EP in the noise rock genre.
The generated text is : "It's Great to Be Young", released in 1956, made 282,838 pounds at the box office. The film is 94 minutes long and stars Cecil Parker. John Mills also had a main role in the movie, and Gilbert Taylor did the cinematography.
The generated text is : Abraham A. Ribicoff was in office at the same time as John F. Kennedy was president and was married to Ruth Ribicoff. He was a citizen of the USA after being born in Connecticut and was a member of the Democratic Party of the USA.
The generated text is : Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in 2015 where Vila Nova Futebol Clube were declared as the champions of the league.
The generated text is : Abraham A. Ribicoff’s spouse was Ruth Ribicoff and his successor was John N. Dempsey. Abraham was in office during the John F. Kennedy presidency. Abraham A. Ribicoff was American and was born in Connecticut.
The generated text is : The University of Burgundy with 2900 staff members has 1299 doctoral students.
The generated text is : Singer Aaron Turner began performing in 1995. Turner is a post-metal musician, and played with the band Twilight.
The generated text is : The Pontiac Rageous was first produced in 1997, last produced in 1997 and was manufactured by Pontiac.
The generated text is : Ted Willis is the writer of the film It's Great to Be Young.
The generated text is : The Train song Mermaid is in the reggae genre that originated in rhythm and blues.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva has a residence and is a citizen of the United States, whose motto is "In God We Trust," and has a residence in the state of New Jersey. New Jersey has an area of water that is 3, 544.04 km^2.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : MotorSport Vision which was founded by Peter Ogden is the operating organisation for Bedford Aerodrome.
The generated text is : Liselotte Grschebina was born on May 2, 1908 in the German Empire in Karlsruhe and died on June 14, 1994 in Israel.
The generated text is : HBO is a sister station with Cinemax.
The generated text is : The Quine Tapes were recorded in St. Louis, Missouri, United States in which the de facto national language is English.
The generated text is : English Without Tears is an 89 minute film that is directed by Harold French. It is edited by Alan Jaggs and produced by Anatole de Grunwald.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson (died February 18, 1776), the spouse of George Monson, studied the professional field of botany and lived in the Kingdom of England and held British nationality, though she resided in India for most of her life.
The generated text is : Grigory Neujmin died on the 17th of December 1946.
The generated text is : 'Death on a Factory Farm' was edited by Geof Bartz and produced by Tom Simon. It is 83 minutes long.
The generated text is : The Pontiac Rageous was a car manufactured by Pontiac, went into production in 1997 and was assembled in the state of Michigan, which has a total area of 250,493 square kilometers.
The generated text is : Lucian Grainge is a key person in the Universal Music Group.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy was awarded the State Award for Superior Achievement.
The generated text is : Tom Sizemore began his acting career in 1989; he starred in Super Capers along with Adam West.
The generated text is : The American band, the Honeymoon Killers, self-produced its 35.1 minute album called Turn Me On which was preceded by the album Let It Breed.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva was born January 1, 1958. She is a citizen of the United States and is known for her work with stochastic programming and works in the field of mathematical optimization. She has also developed a theory influenced by Andrzej Piotr Ruszczynski.
The generated text is : Super Capers is a movie in English, which was edited by Stacy Katzman and starred Michael Rooker.
The generated text is : The leader of Israel is Reuven Rivlin.
The generated text is : Death on a Factory Farm is a film broadcasted by HBO.
The generated text is : Gregory Allen directed McVeagh of the South Seas which was distributed by Alliance Films Corporation. Actor Harry Carey, born in 1878, was also a director for the movie.
The generated text is : Ciudad Ayala has a population density of 1604.0 have a elevation above the sea level is 1147.0.
The generated text is : Preceded by the album Pools of Light and followed by Brian Kelly's Afterplay, Brian Kelly's album Expect a Miracle (of the instrumental music genre) has a runtime of 54.56 minutes.
The generated text is : Piotr Hallmann from Gdynia, Poland is 175.26 cm tall and 70.308 kg.
The generated text is : The album "Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes" was written and produced by the Velvet Underground.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudnikov was in the FC Spartak Moscow club and played for their youth team.
The generated text is : The director, film editor, and producer of English Without Tears consists of Alan Jaggs, Anatole de Grunwald, and Harold French. Nicholas Brodszky composed all the songs in the film.
The generated text is : The Honeymoon Killers are an American band performing in the noise rock genre.
The generated text is : Bill Oddie from Rochdale starred in Bananaman which was broadcasted by the BBC and first aired on 10/03/1983. BBC is based at Broadcasting House.
The generated text is : The compilation album Expect a Miracle was both recorded and produced by artist Brian Kelly. The album, which is preceded by Kelly's offering Pools of Light, features instrumental music and runs for 54:56.
The generated text is : Harry Carey, a movie actor born in 1878 starred in a film directed by Cyril Bruce, 'McVeagh of the South Seas' which was produced by the Progressive Motion Picture Company.
The generated text is : Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense has 17000 members and is playing in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league. Their ground is the Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca located in Arapiraca.
The generated text is : The address of the Robert A M Stern designed building, the Alan B. Miller Hall, is 101 Ukrop Way in Virginia. They started to build the Georgian style hall on 30/03/2007 and it is now owned by The College of William and Mary with the current tenants being The Mason School of Business.
The generated text is : The asteroid 1147 Stavropolis, first discovered by Grigory Neujmin, has an orbital period and rotation period of 1249.6 days and 20378.5, respectively. It has an apoapsis of 418476000000.0 and a periapsis of 260855000000, reckoned by the epoch 31 July 2016 (Julian Day 2457600.5).
The generated text is : Mermaid is a pop rock song by the band Train, the origins of pop rock is in rock music but the song is also in the reggae genre whose origin is ska.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva resides in New Jersey, a small state in the federalist country of the United States.
The generated text is : Liselotte Grschebina died in Petah Tikva, where one of the leaders was called Itzik Braverman.
The generated text is : The United States's motto is "In God We Trust." Darinka Dentcheva, a United States citizen, was influenced by Andrzej Piotr Ruszczynski, who is a professional in the field of mathematical optimization.
The generated text is : Ciudad Ayala is a city; its government type is council manager and the leader title is city manager. The population in the Ciudad Ayala metropolitan area is 1777539, and the population density is 1604. It is 1147m above sea level and has a UTC offset of -6.
The generated text is : Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport in Alcobendas (operated by ENAIRE in Madrid), located 610 metres above sea level has a runway called 14R/32L that is 4,349 metres long.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudnikov, who is 185 cm, plays for FC Amkar Perm, which is managed by Gadzhi Gadzhiyev. Aleksandr Prudnikov is also a member of the youth side of FC Spartak Moscow.
The generated text is : Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas. This airport is operated by ENAIRE, which is located in Madrid, Spain. The runway is named 14R/32L and has a length of 4,349 meters.
The generated text is : The drum kit is an instrument of punk blues.
The generated text is : Liselotte Grschebina was born in Karlsruhe and died on June 14th, 1994 in Israel.
The generated text is : The official language of Israel is Modern Standard Arabic.
The generated text is : Liselotte Grschebina was born in Karlsruhe, which has Oberbürgermeister as its leader.
The generated text is : Tennis is one of the sports offered at the Acharya Institute of Technology which is affiliated to Visvesvaraya Technological University. The All India Council for Technical Education which is located in Mumbai gave the institute Technical Campus status. The address for the campus is: Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090.
The generated text is : The film Super Capers stars both Michael Rooker and Tom Sizemore.
The generated text is : Super Capers is a film starring Michael Rooker, who was born in Jasper, Alabama.
The generated text is : On June 11, 1929, Grigory Neujmin discovered the asteroid 1147 Stavropolis. It has an apoapsis of 418476000000.0 and an absolute magnitude of 11.5.
The generated text is : Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes with run time of 230:05 was recorded under the Polydor Records and Universal Music Group record label in St. Louis, Missouri, United States and released on October, 16, 2001. It was preceded by Squeeze by The Velvet Underground.
The generated text is : 1147 Stavropolis is an asteroid, discovered on June 1929. It has a rotation period of 20378.5. Its periapsis is 260855000000.0, the apoapsis of the asteroid is 418476000000 AU and the orbital period is 1249.6.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy whose birth place is Resadiye, also had his residence in Istanbul with a metropolitan area of 5,343 km². Istanbul is in the Eastern European Summer time zone.
The generated text is : The release date of Nord, Year of No Light Album in the sludge metal genre, is 06-09-2006 with their album Live at Roadburn 2008.
The generated text is : Turkey, led by Recep Tayyip Erdoğan and Binali Yildirim, is where Nurhan Atasoy was born .
The generated text is : In the genre of punk blues, the Honeymoon Killers' "Turn Me On" is a 35 minutes 10 seconds example of noise rock produced by Wharton Tiers for this American band. The band also participated in the production.
The generated text is : Mermaid, released by the band train, is a song in the pop rock genre which also includes the fusion genre Baroque pop.
The generated text is : Universal Music Group is the parent company of Polydor Records.
The generated text is : Liselotte Grschebina was a professional photographer who was born in the German Empire.
The generated text is : The Pontiac Rageous, a car with a coupe body style, assembled in Detroit Michigan, was first and last produced in 1997.
The generated text is : Inside GMA Network Center lies the mass media industry GMA New Media.
The generated text is : Alan Shepard was born on November 18, 1923 in New Hampshire. Shepard graduated from NWC in 1957 with an M.A. and served as a crew member of Apollo 14.
The generated text is : The 1956 film "It's Great to Be Young" stars Cecil Parker. The movie is 94 minutes and was edited by Max Benedict. Louis Levy composed the music for the film.
The generated text is : Israeli Liselotte Grschebina was born in Karlsruhe on May 2, 1908 and died on June 14, 1994.
The generated text is : Robert A M Stern is the architect responsible for designing the Alan B. Miller Hall at 101 Ukrop Way in Virginia. Construction started on the building on the 30th of March, 2007 and was completed on the 1st of June, 2009. The Mason School of Business are the current occupants of the hall.
The generated text is : The Train song Mermaid was written by the production team Stargate.
The generated text is : Jamie Lawrence, who played for Brentford F.C., wrote the music for the film 'Death on a Factory Farm'.
The generated text is : The album Let It Breed is followed by the release of the album Turn Me On.
The generated text is : It's Great to be Young is a 1956 film starring Cecil Parker and John Mills, who had a main role, was composed by Louis Levy, was directed by Cyril Frankel, and has a running time of 94 minutes.
The generated text is : Frederick County, Maryland is to the southwest of Adams County, Pennsylvania, where the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located.
The generated text is : It’s Great to Be Young is a 1956 film that lasts 94 minutes. It is directed by Cyril Frankel and the cinematographer is Gilbert Taylor. It has taken 282,838 at the box office.
The generated text is : Leni Robredo is a Filipino leader.
The generated text is : The American Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th, 1923, and passed away on July 21st, 1998, in California. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy.
The generated text is : The city of Ciudad Ayala has the population density of 1604.0, it has the government type council-manager with the offset of -6.
The generated text is : The band, Train, produced, "This'll be my year" and followed it up firstly with a reggae song, entitled, Mermaid, which lasts 3.16 minutes, and then with a rendition of the iconic John Lennon hit, Imagine.
The generated text is : HBO’s release, Death on a Factory Farm, was directed and produced by Sarah Teale. Jamie Lawrence wrote music for the 83 minute long film.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva is a United states Citizen.
The generated text is : Liselotte Grschebina was born in Karlsruhe and died on June 14, 1994 in Petah Tikva, Israel which is home to the ethnic group 'Arabs'.
The generated text is : Super Capers is a film directed by Ray Griggs starring Tom Lister Jr. The film is 98 minutes long. Lionsgate served as a distributor for the film that ultimately grossed $30,955.
The generated text is : Formerly known as The Green Channel, HBO released Death on a Factory Farm.
The generated text is : English Without Tears was a film whose producer and writer was Anatole de Grunwald and whose editor was Alan Jaggs.
The generated text is : 1147 Stavropolis is an asteroid, discovered on 11 June 1929, and its periapsis is 260855000000.0.
The generated text is : The BBC, which is located in London, broadcasted Bananaman which starred Billie Oddie.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva, a graduate of Humboldt University, is known for her work with stochastic programming and currently resides in New Jersey.
The generated text is : Bedford Aerodrome's International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) identifier is EGBF and serves the Bedford Autodrome.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner is a performer of post metal and is originally from Massachusetts. He plays the electric guitar and also played with the band Twilight.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva, a United States citizen who was born on January 1st, 1958 had Humboldt University as her alma mater. He was influenced by Andrzej Piotr Ruszczynski.
The generated text is : Ciudad Ayala is a city in Mexico, a country with 61 people per square kilometre. Ciudad Ayala is in the Pacific Standard Time Zone and in Pacific Daylight Time when daylight saving time is being observed.
The generated text is : Abraham A Ribicoff was born and died in the United States and his wife is Casey Ribicoff.
The generated text is : Turn Me On is a punk blues album produced by The Honeymoon Killers that has run time of 35.1 minutes. The genre of the Turn Me On album is noise rock.
The generated text is : Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport in Alcobendas is operated by ENAIRE from Madrid. The runway length is 3500 and the airport has an elevation of 610.0 metres above sea level. The runway name of the airport is 18L/36R.
The generated text is : Tennis is offered at the Bangalore-based Acharya Institute of Technology, a college affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The generated text is : Bionico is a food found in Mexico which contains raisins and is served as a dessert. The local currency in Mexico is the peso.
The generated text is : There are 16800 undergraduate students at the University of Burgundy.
The generated text is : In 2015, Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, whose ground is the Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Arapiraca, played in the Brazilian-based Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league. Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions of Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson, born January 1st, 1726, was a British woman who lived in England. Her professional field of study was botany.
The generated text is : Liselotte Grschebina, born in Karlsruhe in the German Empire, is of Israeli nationality. She died in Israel.
The generated text is : The number of students in the University of Burgundy is 27400.
The generated text is : Buzz Aldrin (now retired) was an Apollo 11 crew member.
The generated text is : GMA New Media is in the mass media industry, whose main product is online games. It offers applications in the entertainment industry such as producing web services.
The generated text is : Super Capers, starring Justin Whalin, had a box office of $30,955. Lionsgate distributed the film.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudnikov born on 1989-02-24 plays for and is a member of FC Spartak Moscow.
The generated text is : B. M. Reddy is the President of the Acharya Institute of Technology, which is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University and located in Bangalore.
The generated text is : Alan B. Miller Hall, located at 101 Ukrop Way, was designed by architect Robert A.M. Stern and was completed on June 1st, 2009. Its current tenant is the Mason School of Business, located in the United States.
The generated text is : The birth place of Nie Haisheng is Zaoyang, Xiangyang and he took part in the Shenzhou 10 mission which has the COSPAR ID of 2013-029A.
The generated text is : Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine tapes were recorded in St. Louis, Missouri and San Francisco, where politician Ed Lee resides.
The generated text is : The absolute magnitude of 1147 Stavropolis is 11.5. The orbital period of the asteroid is 1249.6 days, and the apoapsis is 418476000000.0.
The generated text is : Nie Haisheng took part in the Shenzhou 6 mission with COSPAR ID of Shenzhou 6 of 2005-040A.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter, who was born in England, is known for Carter Constant and his contributions to the no-hair theorem. His doctoral advisor was Dennis William Sciama .
The generated text is : The film Super Capers, which stars Justin Whalin, is 98 minutes long.
The generated text is : The Train song Mermaid had been released under the record label Sony Music Entertainment.
The generated text is : The German Empire's currency is the German Papiermark.
The generated text is : Harry Carey was born in 1878 and was the actor, writer as well as director for the film McVeagh of the South Seas, which was co-directed Cyril Bruce.
The generated text is : Piotr Hallmann was born on August 25, 1987 in Gdynia Poland and his weight is 175.26 cm. His weight is 70.308 kilograms.
The generated text is : HBO East and HBO West are timeshift channels of HBO.
The generated text is : AmeriGas is located in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania and works in the United States whose capital is Washington D.C..
The generated text is : Justin Whalin, born in San Francisco, stars in Super Capers. Michael Rooker, born on 4/6/1955, also has a role in the movie.
The generated text is : The movie English Without Tears was released on July 28, 1944. Nicholas Brodszky composed the music, while Harold French directed and Anatole de Grunwald produced the 89 minute film.
The generated text is : Adams County, Pennsylvania, USA has Carroll County, Maryland to its southeast and is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument which is categorized as a Contributing Property.
The generated text is : The death year of Terence Rattigan is 1977.
The generated text is : The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall, located in Virginia and owned by the College of William and Mary.
The generated text is : Cecil Parker had a main role in It's Great to Be Young, which was written in 1956 by Ted Willis.
The generated text is : The location of Bedford Aerodrome is Thurleigh, postal code MK44 and the aerodrome is operated by MotorSport Vision which was founded by Peter Ogden. The ICAO location identifier for the Bedford Aerodrome is EGBF.
The generated text is : Liselotte Grschebina was born in Karlsruhe, which has a total area of 173.46.
The generated text is : Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18, 1923 and he served as Chief of the Astronaut Office in 1963. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy and died in California.
The generated text is : Anatole de Grunwald wrote the 89 minute movie English Without Tears which was directed by Harold French and edited by Alan Jaggs. The movie had Nicholas Brodszky as its music composer and was released on July 28, 1944.
The generated text is : Alan Shepard was born on November 18, 1923 in New Hampshire and died on July 21st, 1998 in California. Alan Shepard’s nationality is the United States.
The generated text is : The University of Burgundy has its campus in Dijon, France.
The generated text is : The 54.56 minutes Brian Kelly album Expect a miracle was preceded by the album Pools of Light.
The generated text is : A notable piece of work authored by J.R.R. Tolkien is The Silmarillion.
The generated text is : Englishman Brandon Carter, well-known for his contributions to the no-hair theorem and the Carter Constant, has established himself as a professional in the field of General Relativity.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : The leader title of Israel is Prime Minister.
The generated text is : Saint Petersburg, founded on May 27, 1703, is the resting place of Leningrad State University alumna Olga Bondareva.
The generated text is : The apoapsis of the 1147 Stavropolis asteroid is 418476000000.0 AU.
The generated text is : The runtime of the album Turn Me On is 35.1 minutes, with Punk blues as the genre of the album and the artist of the Turn Me On album is the Honeymoon Killers.
The generated text is : The ICAO location identifier for the Bedford Aerodrome in Thurleigh, is EGBF and the runway length is 1095.The aerodrome serves the Bedford Autodrome and is operated by MotorSport Vision.
The generated text is : Super Capers is a film directed and written by Ray Griggs. It starred Adam West and had a budget of 20000000 dollars.
The generated text is : The Velvet Underground is in association with the group Theatre of Eternal Music.
The generated text is : McVeagh of the South Seas stars its own writer, director, and actor Harry Carey, who was born in 1878. It can be found in the IMDb if you input the ID 0004319. It was directed by Cyril Bruce and distributed by Alliance Films Corporations.
The generated text is : Ciudad Ayala has a City manager as one of its leaders for this city with a metropolitan area population of 1,777,539 people.
The generated text is : It's Great to Be Young (1956) is a 94 minute long movie starring John Mills. The film, which is in Gilbert Taylor’s cinematography, cost £282,838 to make.
The generated text is : The ALCO RS-3 was produced between May 1950 and August 1956 and was built by Montreal Locomotive Works. The ALCO RS-3 has a cylinder count of 12 and is 17068.8 millimetres in length.
The generated text is : The population density of Ciudad Ayala led by Juan Nolasco is 1604.0.
The generated text is : The Acharya Institute of Technology located in Bangalore was established in 2000.
The generated text is : The stylistic origins of noise rock are from noise music.
The generated text is : 1147 Stavropolis's epoch was on July 31, 2016 and has a periapsis of 260855000000.0 and an orbital period of 1249.6 days.
The generated text is : The Pontiac Rageous was manufactured by Pontiac and the assembly line was located in Detroit. Detroit, which is part of Michigan, is located in Wayne County.
The generated text is : Asteroid 1147 Stavropolis was discovered by Grigory Neujmin. This asteroid has an orbital period of 1249.6 days, an apoapsis of 418476000000.0 and the rotation period is 20378.5.
The generated text is : Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas, 610 meters above sea level. This airport is operated by ENAIRE, which is located in Madrid, Spain. The runway is named 14L/32R and is 4,349 meters long.
The generated text is : Nie Haisheng is a citizen of the People’s Republic of China.
The generated text is : The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase and its transport aircraft is the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III.
The generated text is : The fantasy book The Fellowship of the Ring was written by J.R.R. Tolkien.
The generated text is : Ciudad Ayala is a part of Morelos that is led by the Governor.
The generated text is : Jamie Lawrence composed the music for the film Death on a Factory Farm, which was broadcast by HBO (the timeshift channel of which is split into HBO East and HBO West). Jamie Lawrence also played football with Ashford Town (Middlesex) F.C.
The generated text is : The birth date of J.R.R Tolkien is January 3rd, 1892.
The generated text is : The founding year for the Kingdom of England is 927.
The generated text is : John Mills and Cecil Parker star in the movie It’s Great to be Young which was released in 1956. Gilbert Taylor was the cinematographer and the movie last for 94 minutes. Louis Levy composed the music. Cyril Frankel directed the movie and helped get the movie 282,838 pounds during box office.
The generated text is : Post metal uses a synthesizer as an instrument.
The generated text is : The album Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes fits into the Rock music genre.
The generated text is : 'Death on a Factory Farm' is an 83 minute long film which was directed by Tom Simon, edited by Geof Bartz an has music composed by Jamie Lawrence.
The generated text is : Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense (nickname: "Alvinegro") plays in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C League from Brazil.
The generated text is : Alan Shepard was an American who was born on November 18, 1923 in New Hampshire. Shepard was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal in the United States Navy, selected by NASA in 1959 and died in California.
The generated text is : The album Turn Me On, a punk blues genre , by the Honeymoon Killers has a run time of 35.1 minutes. The Honeymoon Killers self-produced their album.
The generated text is : The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall, located at 101 Ukrop Way in Virginia.
The generated text is : Metro Manila includes the city of Manila.
The generated text is : Owned by the College of William and Mary and leased to the Mason School of Business, the American based Alan B Miller Hall is the design of Robert Stern. It is a Georgian building whose construction began at 101 Ukrop Way in 2007, on March, 30.
The generated text is : Adolfo Suárez Madrid Barajas Airport is found in Alcobendas and is operated by ENAIRE. It has a runway length of 3500.0 and is 610 metres above sea level.
The generated text is : The President of Acharya Institute of Technology is B. M. Reddy which is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. Its located at Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090. Acharya Institute of Technology was given the 'Technical Campus' status by All India Council for Technical Education located in Mumbai.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva was born in the USSR in Leningrad and died in Saint Petersburg. Saint Petersburg was founded on May 27th 1703 and the leader of the city is given the title Governor.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson was born in England and had British nationality but she resided in India for most of her life. India has a total area of 32875900000000 and Chief Justice is one the leaders here.
The generated text is : Nie Haisheng was born in Zaoyang, which is part of Hubei province.
The generated text is : Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense has 17000 members and plays in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league that is from Brazil. They also played in that league in 2015.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy was born on 1934-01-01 and currently resides and maintains citizenship in Turkey. He has a residence in Istanbul.
The generated text is : Liselotte Grschebina was born within the German Empire and is an Israeli national. Grschebina attended the school of Applied Arts in Stuttgart.
The generated text is : The pop rock song Mermaid by Train was released on the Columbia Records record label.
The generated text is : The song Mermaid by Train was followed by the release of Imagine by John Lennon performed by Train.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson was born on January 1st, 1726 in Darlington, the Kingdom of England. After residing in India for most of her life, she died on February 18th, 1776.
The generated text is : Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport (operated by ENAIRE, in Alcobendas, Spain) is 610.0 metres above sea level. Its runway is called 14R/32L which is 4349.0 metres long.
The generated text is : Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Arapiraca is the name of the ground of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense. Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense has 17000 members and play in the 2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in which the Vila Nova Futebol Clube were champions.
The generated text is : The President of Acharya Institute of Technology is B. M. Reddy and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. Its address is Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, India.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy was born on 1 January 1934.
The generated text is : The film Death on a Factory Farm was produced by Tom Simon and Sarah Teale and is broadcasted by HBO. Owned by Time Warner, HBO's headquarters is in New York City.
The generated text is : Nie Haisheng who was part of Shenzhou 10 mission and took part in the Shenzhou 6 mission, was born in Zaoyang.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva resides in New Jersey.
The generated text is : The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument, a Contributing property, is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania which northeast to Frederick County, Maryland.
The generated text is : Silvano Aureoles Conejo is a leader of the Mexican people living in Mexico and whose currency is the peso. In Guadalajara, Mexico, you can find a dish called Bionico served at the dessert course, consisting of sour cream, chopped fruits, condensed milk, granola, raising, and shredded coconut.
The generated text is : Bionico and cookie are both desserts. Bionico is served at the dessert course in Mexico.
The generated text is : The Pontiac Rageous is manufactured by Pontiac, whose parent company is General Motors. The Pontiac Rageous was assembled in Michigan where the assembly line was located in Detroit.
The generated text is : Liselotte Grschebina was a photographer who was born on May 2, 1908 and died on June 14, 1994.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva resides in New Jersey where the total area is 22,591 square kilometers.
The generated text is : 1147 Stavropolis has a rotation period of 20378.5, its absolute magnitude is 11.5, the orbital period is 1249.6, the apoapsis is 418476000000.0 AU and the discoverer is Grigory Neujmin.
The generated text is : Mermaid is a pop rock song that is produced and belongs to Train. It was released on December 27th, 2012. The song was released under Columbia Records and is 3:16 seconds long.
The generated text is : Liselotte Grschebina was born on May 2, 1908 in Karlsruhe and died in Israel.
The generated text is : The Bootleg Series Volume I: The Quine Tapes is released by the record label Polydor Records, located in London and The Universal Music Group, located in Santa Monica, California.
The generated text is : The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is affiliated to Visvesvaraya Technological University. The All India Council for Technical Education which is located in Mumbai gave the institute 'Technical Campus' status. The address for the campus is: Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva, a graduate of Leningrad State University is known for the Bondareva-Shapley theorem.
The generated text is : Ciudad Ayala has population density 1604.0 in the country of Mexico.
The generated text is : The location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is Adams County, Pennsylvania, in the municipality of Gettysburg and it is categorized as a contributing Property. Adams County has Carroll County, Maryland to its southeast.
The generated text is : The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000, and given Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Technical Education which is located in Mumbai. The director of the institute is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar and is in Bangalore which was founded by Kempe Gowda I. The campus address is Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090.
The generated text is : It's Great to Be Young is in Gilbert Taylor's cinematography.
The generated text is : The Bedford Aerodrome is located in Thurleigh, 83.2104 above sea level, and is operated by MotorSport Vision. Bedford Aerodrome's International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) identifier is EGBF.
The generated text is : Sarah Teale produced the 83 minutes movie of Death on a Factory Farm.
The generated text is : Tom Simon is the director of Death on a Factory Farm, which was released by HBO.
The generated text is : The Fellowship of the Ring belongs to the fantasy genre, followed by The Two Towers. George Allen & Unwin published it and Hobbit came before it.
The generated text is : Nie Haisheng is from the People's Republic of China, was born on October 13, 1964 in Zaoyang, Hubei, was part of Shenzhou 10 mission and took part in the Shenzhou 6 mission.
The generated text is : The Year of No Light, 58.41 minute E-Vinyl album, Nord was released on the Crucial Blast label on 2006-09-06.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva, who was born on January 1, 1958, was influenced by Andrzej Piotr Ruszczyński.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy, born in Turkey on the date 1934-01-01, is a Turkish citizen currently residing in Istanbul, Turkey.
The generated text is : Bedford Aerodrome is located in Thurleigh, which has the area code 01234. Bedford Aerodrome has a runway named 08/26, which is made of concrete.
The generated text is : The album Expect a Miracle fits into the genres of instrumental as well as easy listening music.
The generated text is : Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is in Alcobendas and has an elevation of 610.0 metres above sea level. It is operated by ENAIRE, based in Madrid, Spain.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy currently takes residence in the Istanbul, Turkey, which is in the Eastern European Summer time zone.
The generated text is : The Hobbit is followed by The Lord of the Rings.
The generated text is : The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall, situated in Virginia, built by Robert A.M. Stern and owned by the College of William and Mary.
The generated text is : At 35.1 minutes long, Turn Me On was followed by Take It Off and preceded by Let It Breed.
The generated text is : English Without Tears was written and produced by Anatole de Grunwald and it was released on July 28th, 1944. Bernard Knowles was the cinematographer while Alan Jaggs was the editor.
The generated text is : The Mason School of business occupies the Alan B Miller at the college of William and Mary. The hall, which was designed by Robert A M Stern, was completed on June 1 2009.
The generated text is : The currency of the German Empire is South German gulden.
The generated text is : Liselotte Grschebina, an alumni of the School of Applied Arts in Stuttgart, was born on 1908-05-02.
The generated text is : The 70.308 kg Piotr Hallmann was born in Gdynia, Poland which is on Central European Time.
The generated text is : The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall, located in the United States and owned by the College of William and Mary.
The generated text is : Born in New Hampshire in November of 1923, US national Alan Shepard was a test pilot selected by NASA in 1959. He died in the American state of California.
The generated text is : The record label of Nord, the Year of No Light album, is E-Vinyl.
The generated text is : The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 in Adams County, Pennsylvania which has Frederick County, Maryland to its southwest and Carroll County, Maryland to its southeast. The monument is placed in the municipality of Gettysburg and is categorized as a Contributing Property.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva is a citizen of the United States, where John Roberts serves as one of the countries leaders.
The generated text is : The location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument, established in 2000, is Adams County, Pennsylvania which has Cumberland county, Pennsylvania to its north. The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is categorized as a Contributing Property.
The generated text is : The Bedford Aerodrome sitting at an elevation of 83.2104 above sea level in Thurleigh has a runway length of 1095.0 that is made of concrete. MotorSport Vision owns the Bedford Aerodrome whose International Civil Aviation Organization number is EGBF. The aerodrome serves the Bedford Autodrome.
The generated text is : Sandesh is a confectionary dessert, much like Bionico, which is a dessert made with sour cream from the Guadalajara region in Mexico. Mexico uses the peso as its currency and is home to Mexicans.
The generated text is : The Bedford Aerodrome in Thurleigh is operated by MotorSport Vision and its runway length is 1095.
The generated text is : The leader of Turkey is known as the Prime Minister.
The generated text is : Alan Shepard's born in New Hampshire and died in California where the Dianne Feinstein is a senator.
The generated text is : Turkey is a country with a total area of 783,356 square kilometers, including Reşadiye, Tokat Province, the birth place of Nurhan Atasoy.
The generated text is : Liselotte Grschebina died in Israel where Modern Hebrew is the official language.
The generated text is : The Bootleg Series Volume I: The Quine Tapes is released by the record label Polydor Records and was recorded under the Universal Music Group record label, of which Lucian Grainge was a key person.
The generated text is : Liselotte Grschebina is a photographer and Israeli national who was born in the German Empire which was founded on January 1, 1871 and the population density of Israel is 387.63 people per square kilometre of land area.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva is one of the known professionals in the field of Mathematics.
The generated text is : Velvet Underground was the producer of the album Bootleg Series Volume 1 : The Quine Tapes which has a run time of 230:05.
The generated text is : Andrew Rayel, whose musical genre is trance music, is associated with Christian Burns.
The generated text is : The song Mermaid was written by the band Train, record labelled by Warner Music Group, which is on Columbia Records.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy was born in Turkey and maintains a residence in Istanbul.
The generated text is : The Train song Mermaid, which is an example of the reggae and pop rock genres, was released on 2012-12-27. It was written by Espen Lind and was preceded by the song This'll be my year. The song has a total runtime of three minutes and sixteen seconds.
The generated text is : Felipe Gozon is CEO at GMA New Media, an entertainment company. GMA New Media operates under GMA Network with subsidiaries Digify and Philippine Entertainment Portal.
The generated text is : T.S. Thakur was the leader of India where Lady Anne Monson resided.
The generated text is : Liselotte Grschebina was born in Karlsruhe, in the German Empire, on May 2nd, 1908 and died in Israel on June 14th, 1994. She was a professional photographer and an Israeli national.
The generated text is : Train's hit Mermaid was put out by the Sony Music Entertainment record label, followed by Mermaid with Imagine, a song by John Lennon. The release of the song Imagine by John Lennon was then followed by the release of the song Happy Xmas (War Is Over).
The generated text is : Anatole de Grunwald and Terence Rattigan wrote English Without Tears.
The generated text is : Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes was recorded in San Francisco whose timezone is UTC-7, in the United States which has a total land area of 9833520000000 square kilometers.
The generated text is : Bionico is a dessert dish found in Mexico and the currency of Mexico is the peso. Cookie is also a dessert.
The generated text is : The genre of the album Nord is sludge metal and post metal. Southern sludge and Stoner sludge are both subgenres of sludge metal.
The generated text is : The Pontiac Rageous was assembled in Michigan, where they speak English.
The generated text is : Mermaid, a pop rock song by Train with a length of 3 minutes and 16 seconds, was released by Sony Music Entertainment under their Columbia Records label.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson was born in the Kingdom of England, which has a unitary state form of government.
The generated text is : People from the United States are called Americans.
The generated text is : Alan B. Miller Hall was designed in the Georgian style by Robert A.M. Stern. The College of William and Mary currently own the Alan B. Miller Hall at 101 Ukrop Way, which has as its tenants The Mason School of Business.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on February 24, 1989. and he is currently in the FC Terek Grozny club which is managed by Rashid Rakhimov.
The generated text is : The Train song Mermaid was released on 27th December 2012.
The generated text is : 1147 Stavropolis, discovered by Grigory Neujmin, has an apoapsis of 418476000000.0 and an absolute magnitude of 11.5.
The generated text is : Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force and has a runway name 09R/27L.
The generated text is : Brian Kelly wrote the easy listening genre, "Expect a Miracle" that last for 54.56 minutes. Its instrumental music that was followed by the album Afterplay.
The generated text is : The Train song Mermaid was released by Columbia Records and Sony Music Entertainment record label. Imagine, a song by John Lennon followed Mermaid which again was followed by the release of the song Happy Xmas (War Is Over).
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva is a professional in the field of mathematical optimization.
The generated text is : Written by Espen Lind, The Mermaid song by Train is a reggae song released on the twenty seventh of December 2012. It was preceded by the song This'll Be My Year.
The generated text is : GMA New Media, located in the Liberal Party led Quezon City, Philippines, offers World Wide Web related services. GMA New Media’s home country, the Philippines, were founded on 1898-06-12.
The generated text is : Terence Rattigan was born on January 1st, 1911.
The generated text is : Bionico is a dessert that is found in Guadalajara, Mexico.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva (whose alma mater is Humboldt University) was influenced by Andrzej Piotr Ruszczyński. She is a professional in the field of mathematical optimization and is known for Stochastic programming.
The generated text is : Super Capers, a 98 minute film distributed by Roadside Attractions, stars Tom Sizemore.
The generated text is : To the East of Franklin County, Pennsylvania, you’ll find Adams County which is where the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument is located.
The generated text is : The song Mermaid, by the band Train, is on Columbia Records under the Sony Music Entertainment label, which is owned by Sony Corporation.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson lived from January 1st 1776 to the 18th of February 1776.
The generated text is : Time Warner owns HBO.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson who died on February 18, 1776, was married to George Monson. While her residence was in India, her nationality was with the Kingdom of England.
The generated text is : Ciudad Ayala an city of metropolitan area 1,777,539 with population density of 1604.0 was lead by the City Manager. It is located in Mexico uses a council-manager government which falls into UTC offset -6 time zone.
The generated text is : Connecticut, USA, was the birthplace of Abraham A. Ribicoff who was an American citizen. Abraham was married to Ruth Ribicoff and was in office at the same time that John F. Kennedy was President of the United States. Abraham later died in the United States.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter is known for his work on the Anthropic Principle.
The generated text is : Jamie Lawrence wrote the music for the film Death on a Factory Farm, which has a running time of 83 minutes and was directed by Sarah Teale.
The generated text is : The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is in Madrid which is operated by ENAIRE and has a runway length of 3500.0.
The generated text is : One of the leaders of Petah Tikva was Itzik Braverman.
The generated text is : Nie Haisheng, born on 10/13/1964, is a citizen of the People's Republic of China.
The generated text is : Asteroid 1147 Stavropolis, discovered on June 11th, 1929, has an absolute magnitude of 11.5 and an apoapsis of 418476000000.0, with a periapsis of 260855000000.
The generated text is : Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in the United States of America and was an American citizen. His spouse was Casey Ribicoff.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva was born on April 27,1937 and graduated from Leningrad State University.
The generated text is : Directed by Tom Simon, "Death on a Factory Farm" was edited by Geof Bartz.
The generated text is : Nord, an album produced by Year of No Light, was released on the record label E-Vinyl. It was also released on the record label Crucial blast.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva, a New Jersey resident, is a Humboldt University alma mater.
The generated text is : The musical genre of the album Squeeze by the Velvet Underground is rock.
The generated text is : The ICAO Location Identifier of Al Asad Airbase is ORAA and is operated by The United States Air Force.
The generated text is : English is the primary language spoken in New Jersey.
The generated text is : Nie Haisheng was born in Zaoyang Hubei Province and he is a citizen of the People’s Republic of China.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson born in 1726 on January 1 in England and her nationality is English and her spouse name is George Monson.
The generated text is : Piotr Hallmann's height is 175.26cm and he weighs 70.308 kilograms.
The generated text is : McVeagh of the South Seas, directed by Cyril Bruce, is a film registered in IMDb with the ID 0004319.
The generated text is : La Crosse Wisconsin is part of La Crosse County Wisconsin.
The generated text is : Death on a Factory Farm was a movie produced and directed by Tom Simon. It is broadcasted by HBO and has a runtime of 83 minutes. It is produced by Sarah Teale as well and edited by Geof Bartz. Jamie Lawrence composed the music.
The generated text is : Liselotte Grschebina was a photographer.
The generated text is : The Acharya Institute of Technology, affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and established in 2000, is located in Bangalore.
The generated text is : Expect a Miracle is a compilation album, preceded by Pools of Light by Brian Kelly which is followed by the album Afterplay.
The generated text is : Liselotte Grschebina died in Israel, a country which has a population density of 387.63 people per square kilometre of land area.
The generated text is : Total United States population is 324,720,797.
The generated text is : Born in Darlington on January 1, 1726, Lady Anne Monson died on February 18th, 1776.
The generated text is : The asteroid 1147 Stavropolis, discovered by Grigory Neujmin with a date of death December 17, 1946, has a rotation period of 20378.5 with orbital period of 1249.6 days.
The generated text is : The Quine Tapes which are off of the album Bootleg Series Volume 1 were recorded under the Polydor Records record label and they fit into the Rock music genre. The Tapes were preceded by Squeeze by The Velvet underground.
The generated text is : In Ciudad Ayala which is in the country of Mexico, the leader is called the governator.
The generated text is : Piotr Hallmann, born in Gdynia, Poland, is 175.26 cm tall.
The generated text is : Recorded in San Francisco, The Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes can be found under the record label of Universal Music Group even though the series was recorded under the Polydor Records record label. The Velvet Underground's triple album, The Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes was preceded by their album, Squeeze.
The generated text is : Istanbul is a city in Turkey which has its summer time zone in the eastern European time zone. Nurhan Atasoy is a citizen of Turkey who was born on the first day of January in 1934 and has his residence situated in the city of Istanbul.
The generated text is : Expect a Miracle is an instrumental music piece produced by Brian Kelly.
The generated text is : Death on a Factory Farm was produced and directed by Sarah Teale and Tom Simon.
The generated text is : Brian Kelly works with instrumental music and created the albums Pools of Light then Expect a Miracle having a runtime of 54.56.
The generated text is : The total production amount for the 17068.8 millimeter long ALCO RS-3 was 1,418 locomotives.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva's current residence is lead in part by John Roberts in the United States.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson was born in Darlington, a town within the Kingdom of England, which is now within the UK.
The generated text is : To the southeast of Adams County, Pennsylvania lies Carroll County, Maryland and Cumberland County, Pennsylvania is to its north. The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument, which falls under the category of Contributing property, is located in Adams County, in the municipality of Gettysburg.
The generated text is : Nie Haisheng from the People's Republic of China was part of Shenzhou 10 mission.
The generated text is : Harold French directed the film English Without Tears, which will run for 89 minutes.
The generated text is : Terence Rattigan's IMDb ID is 0711905.
The generated text is : The leader of San Francisco is the politician named Ed Lee.
The generated text is : The University of Burgundy in Dijon, France has 2900 staff members that educate 16800 undergraduate students, 1299 doctoral students, and 9400 postgraduate students. In total, there are 27400 students at the university.
The generated text is : English Without Tears, released on 7, 28, 1944, is an 89 minute long film produced and written by Anatole de Grunwald with co-writer Terence Rattigan. Bernard Knowles did the cinematography.
The generated text is : The album Turn Me On was preceded by the album Let It Breed and followed by the Take it Off album.
The generated text is : The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument in Adams County, Pennsylvania is categorized as a Contributing Property, was established in 2000, and is in the United States. Adams County, Pennsylvania has Carroll County, Maryland to its southeast, Cumberland county, Pennsylvania to its north, and Franklin County, Pennsylvania to its west.
The generated text is : The Acharya Institute of Technology was given the 'Technical Campus' status by the All India Council for Technical Education (located in Mumbai), and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. The director of Acharya is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar. The Acharya Institute of Technology campus is located in Bangalore, of which the founder was Kempe Gowda I. The address is Soldevanahalli, Acharya Doctor Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Rd, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090.
The generated text is : Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense's (nicknamed Asa Gigante) ground is the Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca (located in Arapiraca) & has 17000 members. Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league, but Vila Nova Futebol Clube in Brazil are the champions of Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C.
The generated text is : Andrew Rayel, a trance musician, is associated with the musical artist Armin van Buuren.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson (born in Darlington on January 1, 1726) resides in India. She died on February 18, 1776.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudnikov from the FC Amkar Perm club, born 1989-02-24 played for FC Spartak Moscow's youth team.
The generated text is : The city of Detroit is located in Michigan.
The generated text is : The Trane company, which manufactures HVAC building materials, was founed on 1 January 1913 and employs 29,000 people.
The generated text is : The Train song Mermaid had been released under the Sony Music Entertainment and Columbia record labels The song lasts 3.16 minutes and is in the reggae genre. It was produced by the Espionage production team and was followed by the band’s cover of the John Lennon song Imagine.
The generated text is : Mermaid is a train song from "California 37" album produced by the Espionage production team and written by Pat Monahan. Train followed Mermaid with Imagine, a song by John Lennon, and the song is available in the digital format.
The generated text is : The producer of McVeagh of the South Seas is the Progressive Motion Picture Company.
The generated text is : Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas. This airport is operated by ENAIRE, which is located in Madrid, Spain. The runway is named 14L/32R and has a length of 4,349 meters.
The generated text is : HBO's former name was The Green Channel.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy was born in Turkey and his nationality is also Turkish.
The generated text is : The timezone of Ciudad Ayala is the Pacific Standard Time Zone.
The generated text is : Bedford Aerodrome is located in Thurleigh and is operated by MotorSport vision. The ICAO location identifier for the Bedford Aerodrome is EGBF .
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva, originally born to Leningrad of the USSR with the name Olga Nikolaevna Bondareva, is an economist and one of the known professionals in the field of mathematics who died on the 9th of December, 1991.
The generated text is : It's Great to be Young is a 1956 movie starring John Mills and it is 94 minutes long. The director was Cyril Frankel and the cost of production was 282838 pounds.
The generated text is : Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in the USA where African Americans are an ethnic group and was married to Ruth Ribicoff. He was succeeded in his role by Anthony J. Celebrezze.
The generated text is : The Hobbit's genre is juvenile fantasy.
The generated text is : The binignit dish, a type of dessert, can be found in the Philippines.
The generated text is : Piotr Hallmann weighs 70.308 kg and was born in Gdynia, Poland.
The generated text is : Max Benedict, who began his career in 1947 edited It's Great to be Young, a 1956 94 minute film directed by Cyril Frankel.
The generated text is : Discovered on the 11th of June 1929, 1147 Stavropolis's rotation period is 20378.5 with an apoapsis of 418476000000.0 and a periapsis of 260855000000. The asteroid's epoch is 31 July 2016 (Julian Day 2457600.5) with an orbital period of 1249.6 days.
The generated text is : Born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, Buzz Aldrin was an Apollo 11 crew member.
The generated text is : Detroit is part of Wayne County, Michigan.
The generated text is : The orbital period of the asteroid 1147 Stavropolis, discovered on June 11, 1929, is 1249.6 days. 1147 Stavropolis has an absolute magnitude of 11.5 and has a periapsis of 260855000000.0. Each 1147 Stavropolis epoch is 31 July 2016 (Julian Day 2457600.5).
The generated text is : Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas. This airport is operated by ENAIRE, which is located in Madrid, Spain. The runway is named 18R/36L and is 4349 meters long.
The generated text is : Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in the USA and was married to Casey Ribicoff. He was succeeded by John N. Dempsey.
The generated text is : The Pontiac Rageous, first produced in 1997, was a car with a coupe body style.
The generated text is : The ALCO RS-3 was produced between May 1950 and August 1956 and has a length of 17068.8 millimetres. It has a cylinder count of 12 and a V12 engine.
The generated text is : Abraham A. Ribicoff died in New York, which is in the USA where he was also born. In the USA, African Americans are an ethnic group and Abraham was married to Ruth Ribicoff.
The generated text is : The University of Burgundy has a staff of 2900 members. The number of students currently in attendance is 27400, including 16800 undergraduate students and 1299 doctoral students.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Harry Carey, born in 1878, wrote and starred in McVeagh of the South Seas which was produced by the Progressive Motion Picture Company. The movie was registered in IMDb with the ID 0004319 and distributed by Alliance Films Corporation.
The generated text is : The Nord album was preceded by the Demo 2004 album, has a length of 58:41, and was produced by the band. The release date of Nord, Year of No Light Album, is 06-09-2006, and it is an album by Year of No Light in the sludge metal and post-metal genre.
The generated text is : The song Mermaid was written by the band Train.
The generated text is : Expect a Miracle's genre is instrumental music.
The generated text is : In Virginia, one can find the Mason School of Business located in Alan B Miller Hall that was designed by Robert A M Stern.
The generated text is : Bionico is a Mexico food in which honey is used as a variation.
The generated text is : Take It Off! by the American band The Honeymoon Killers was preceded by their album Turn Me On, produced by Wharton Tiers, and followed by the EP 'Til Death Do Us Part.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson was born in Darlington which is in the North East England region. NZ289147 is the OS grid reference for Darlington.
The generated text is : The Acharya Institute of Technology, established in 2000 and affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University, is located in Karnataka at Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.
The generated text is : The Acharya Institute of Technology is located at Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090.
The generated text is : Chinabank is a public company founded in the capital city of Manila, Philippine. Its headquarters are located in the Insular Government of the Philippine Islands.
The generated text is : The Year of No Light album Nord which preceded the Live at Roadburn 2008 was released on 2006-09-06.
The generated text is : Built by Montreal Locomotive Works, the ALCO RS-3 has a cylinder count of 12.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter was born in England. He graduated from the University of Cambridge, where Dennis William Sciama was his doctoral advisor. Carter is a professional in the field of general relativity. He is known for the Carter Constant and for his contributions to the no-hair theorem.
The generated text is : Tom Sizemore is married to Maeve Quinlan.
The generated text is : The movie It's Great to Be Young, which was released in 1956, has a 94 minute running time and received £282,838. It's Great to Be Young was directed by Cyril Frankel, composed by Louis Levy, written by Ted Willis, and has John Mills playing the lead role. Gilbert Taylor was the cinematographer.
The generated text is : Liselotte Grschebina was born within the German Empire in Karlsruhe, which is 115 metres above sea level. The German Papiermark was used in the German Empire as a currency.
The generated text is : Gdynia is the city in Poland. The timezone for Gdynia is Central European Time.
The generated text is : The 1147 Stavropolis asteroid which was discovered on June 11, 1929, has a rotation period of 20378.5 with a periapsis of 260855000000.
The generated text is : McVeagh of the South Seas is a film registered in IMDb with the ID 0004319.
The generated text is : Bootleg Series Volume I: The Quine Tapes was recorded in San Francisco and preceded by Squeeze by The Velvet Underground.
The generated text is : One of the leaders of the Mexican state of Morelos is Adrián Rivera Pérez.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva, an American citizen known for her work with stochastic programming, was influenced by Andrzej Piotr Ruszczynski.
The generated text is : Ciudad Ayala is in the Pacific Standard time zone and has a population density of 1,604. Its leader is Juan Nolasco.
The generated text is : The construction of Alan B. Miller Hall began on March 30th, 2007. Robert A. M. Stern designed the building. Alan B. Miller Hall is located at 101 Ukrop Way, Virginia,and is owned by the College of William and Mary. The current tenant is the Mason School of Business.
The generated text is : Nie Haisheng is a citizen of the People’s Republic of China who was born in Zaoyang, Hubei Province, was a crew member on Shenzhou 6 and took part in the Shenzhou 10 mission.
The generated text is : The area code for Tokat is +90 356.
The generated text is : Nie Haisheng was born in Zaoyang, Hubei province and is part of Xiangyang. He ook part in the Shenzhou 6 mission and was a part of Shenzhou 10 mission.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter is a physicist whose professional field was on General Relativity is known for the invention of the Carter constant.
The generated text is : Expect a Miracle, a compilation album with runtime of 54.56 minutes was created by composer & pianist Artist Brian Kelly. This album was preceded by the album Pools of Light.
The generated text is : Born in Leningrad, USSR, Olga Bondareva attended the Leningrad State University, where she became known for the Bondareva-Shapley theorem. Olga passed away on December 9, 1991.
The generated text is : Brian Kelly, composer and pianist, created Expect a Miracle, a piece of instrumental music.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson, born in the Kingdom of England to Darlington (NZ289147), was a national of the Kingdom of England which dissolved in the year 1707.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter (born on born on 01-01-1942) is a professional in the field of general relativity, known for for the Carter constant and the No-hair theorem. Dennis William Sciama was his doctoral advisor.
The generated text is : Super Capers was distributed by Roadside Attractions.
The generated text is : The album Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes fits into the Rock music genre, in the subgenre of ‘Proto-punk’.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Proto-punk is a musical subgenre of rock music.
The generated text is : Ciudad Ayala is part of Morelos and a city in Mexico whose population density is 1604 with an elevation of 1147m above sea level, located in the Pacific Daylight time zone. Ciudad Ayala has a leader called the Governator.
The generated text is : The 1956 film, “It’s Great to Be Young,”directed by Cyril Frankel, is 94 minutes long. It was written by Ted Willis with music composed by Louis Levy.
The generated text is : Super Capers is an English-language movie that stars Michael Rooker and Tom Sizemore. It is edited by Stacy Katzman. The movie is 98 minutes long and distributed by Roadside Attractions.
The generated text is : The University of Burgundy, located in Dijon, has 16800 undergraduate students and 2900 staff members.
The generated text is : The ALCO RS-3 has a four-stroke engine, was produced between May 1950 and August 1956 and has the length of 17068.8 millimetres.
The generated text is : The music group Velvet Underground released a rock album called Bootleg Series Volume 1: The quine tapes that is 230:05 minutes long under the Polydor Records record label. The album was after the Squeeze album by the same artists.
The generated text is : Death on a Factory Farm, an HBO film edited by Geof Bartz, features music written by Jamie Lawrence.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva was born in Leningrad, USSR and was a student at Leningrad State University. Her professional field was in mathematics and economics.
The generated text is : With a total of 16800 undergraduates, 2900 staff and a total student body of 27400, the university of Burgundy is located on a campus in Dijon. It currently has 1299 doctoral students.
The generated text is : One of the successors of Pontiac is Buick.
The generated text is : The reggae song Mermaid is included in the album California 37 by Train. The song was produced by Espionage and is distributed digitally. Train followed Mermaid with their cover of the John Lennon song Imagine.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner, born in the USA, started performing in 1995 and played with the band Twilight. His genre is post-metal.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter, known for his work on the Anthropic Principle, was born in England.
The generated text is : Roadside Attractions was founded in 2003.
The generated text is : Nie Haisheng was born in Zaoyang, which is in the UTC +8 time zone. Nie Haisheng worked as a fighter pilot.
The generated text is : The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument (established in 2000 in Pennsylvania, US) is categorized as a Contributing Property. It is in the Adams County that has the Cumberland county to its North, Frederick County to its southwest and Carroll County, Maryland, to its southeast.
The generated text is : 1147 Stavropolis is an asteroid, discovered on 11 June 1929, by Grigory Neujmin. Its absolute magnitude is 11.5, the periapsis is 260855000000.0, the orbital period is 1249.6 and the apoapsis is 418476000000.0 AU.
The generated text is : The United States Air Force runs Al Asad Airbase, which has a runway name of 09L/27R.
The generated text is : Piotr Hallmann was born in August 25th, 1987 and weighs 70.308kgs.
The generated text is : Ciudad Ayala is a Mexican city that is part of Morelos which has a total area of 4879. The population density in Ciudad Ayala is 1604.
The generated text is : The demonym for a person from India is Indian.
The generated text is : In 2000, The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, in the state of Pennsylvania.
The generated text is : The population of the metropolitan area of Ciudad Ayala is 1,777,539.
The generated text is : Harold French directed English Without Tears, a film produced by Anatole de Grunwald that features music composed by Nicholas Brodszky.
The generated text is : The Bedford Aerodrome elevation above the sea level is 83.2104 meters and the runway length is 1095. It is located in Thurleigh. The ICAO location identifier for the Bedford Aerodrome is EGBF.
The generated text is : Turn Me On is a punk blues album.
The generated text is : The Train song Mermaid had been preceded by the song This'll Be My Year.
The generated text is : The University of Burgundy employs 2900 staff members.
The generated text is : Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense from the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league has 17000 members.
The generated text is : The ICAO location identifier for Bedford Aerodrome is EGBF and is located in Thurleigh.
The generated text is : Casey Ribicoff is the wife of Abraham A. Ribicoff, the US secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare.
The generated text is : Nie Haisheng was a fighter pilot from the People's Republic of China.
The generated text is : The Bootleg Series Volume I: The Quine Tapes, recorded in San Francisco with a run time of 230:05 and released in 2001-10-16 was preceded by Squeeze by The Velvet Underground.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva, known for her work with stochastic programming, was born on January 1, 1958.
The generated text is : Death on a Factory Farm is directed by Sarah Teale.
The generated text is : The Bootleg Series Volume I: The Quine Tapes released by Polydor Records ( London) was preceded by the album Squeeze which itself was preceded by the album Andy Warhol's Velvet Underground Featuring Nico.
The generated text is : The Bootleg Series Volume I: The Quine tapes is a rock album, by the proto-punk band, The Velvet Underground.
The generated text is : Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport is operated by ENAIRE. The airport has an elevation of 610.0 metres above sea level and is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastian de los Reyes and Alcobendas.
The generated text is : The ICAO location identifier for Bedford Aerodrome is EGBF and it is 83.2 meters above sea level. This aerodrome has a runway named "08/26".
The generated text is : Ciudad Ayala (located in the Pacific Daylight time zone) is in the Pacific Standard Time zone and its population density is 1604.
The generated text is : An asteroid 1147 Stavropolis was discovered on 11 June 1929 by Grigory Neujmin. It has the apoapsis of 418476000000.0 AU and the periapsis 260855000000.0 with a rotation period of 20378.5.
The generated text is : Both Ciudad Ayala and Cuernavacas are part of Morelos, and one of the leaders of Ciudad Ayala is the City Manager.
The generated text is : It's Great to Be Young stars John Mills from North Elmham.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on February 24th, 1989 and stands at a height of 185.0. He plays for the FC Amkar Perm Football Club, managed by Gadzhi Gadzhiyev.
The generated text is : Nord is an album by the sludge metal and post metal genre band Year of No Light, who previously released the album Demo 2004. Nord was released on 06-09-2006 with a run time of 58.41 minutes.
The generated text is : The album Nord by Year of No Light was produced by the band and released by the record label Crucial blast on 06-09-2006. The album Nord was followed with the album Live at Roadburn 2008.
The generated text is : Sandesh and Bionico are desserts, the latter one found in Guadalajara, Mexico, and requires granola as an ingredient. Mexico is a country where Mexicans live and where that dessert can be purchased using the country currency, the peso.
The generated text is : Liselotte Grschebina, an Israeli national, born in Karlsruhe in the German Empire on 1908-05-02, died in Petah Tikva, Israel on 14th of June, 1994.
The generated text is : The Fellowship of the Ring belongs to the fantasy literary genre, released on July 29, 1954, followed by The Two Towers and published by George Allen & Unwin. The Hobbit came before it.
The generated text is : The Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca is in Arapiraca & is the name of the ground of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense (plays in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league managed by Vica with 17000 members). The Vila Nova Futebol Clube from Brazil were champions at the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C.
The generated text is : Categorised as a contributing Property, the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000. It is located in Adams County in the municipality of Gettysburg in Pennsylvania. This county has Carroll County, Maryland to its southeast, and Cumberland county to its north.
The generated text is : The film "It’s Great to Be Young" was edited by Max Benedict, who died in 1986. The director of the 1958 film is Cyril Frankel, while the music was composed by Louis Levy.
The generated text is : The Year of No Light album Nord was released on September 6, 2006 and was followed by Year of No Light's album Live at Roadburn 2008. The album was produced by the band and is in the genre of sludge metal.
The generated text is : American Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th 1923. Shepard was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal from the Navy, he was the chief of the astronaut office in 1963 and he recently passed away in California.
The generated text is : GMA New Media is a company located inside GMA Network Center that offers products such as mobile applications.
The generated text is : Darlington is in the North East of England.
The generated text is : Preceded by the Love American Style album and the Let it Breed album, the album Turn Me On has a runtime of just over 35 minutes.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy, of Turkish citizenship and nationality, resides in Istanbul, Turkey. Nurhan won the State Award for Superior Achievement.
The generated text is : John Mills and Cecil Parker play the lead in the 94 minute movie It's Great to Be Young (released in 1956 and edited by Max Benedict), while Louis Levy is the music composer and Ted Willis is the writer.
The generated text is : Bedford Aerodrome is located in Thurleigh. This airport serves the Bedford Autodrome and is operated by MotorSport Vision. The runway is 1095 meters long and made of concrete. The ICAO location identifier for Bedford Aerodrome is EGBF.
The generated text is : Nie Haisheng born in Zaoyang, Hubei Province took part in the Shenzhou 10 mission.
The generated text is : Some Turkish people are irreligious.
The generated text is : Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense played in the 2015 season and play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league, which The Vila Nova Futebol Clube were champions of.
The generated text is : The album entitled Nord in the post-metal genre by the group Year of No Light was released on the Crucial Blast label recorded by label E-Vinyl.
The generated text is : Liselotte Grschebina died in Petah Tikva, a city in Israel.
The generated text is : The album by the Honeymoon Killers is titled Turn Me On.
The generated text is : Originally written by Harry Carey, the movie McVeagh of the South Seas was directed by Cyril Bruce.
The generated text is : The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in the United States in the municipality of Gettysburg which is in Adams County, Pennsylvania. To the southeast of Adams County, Pennsylvania lies Carroll County, Maryland while to its north is Cumberland County, Pennsylvania. The monument falls under the category of Contributing property.
The generated text is : The Mason school of business is currently located at Alan B Miller hall which was completed on June 1,2009 and is owned by The College of William and Mary.
The generated text is : Liselotte Grschebina was born on May 2, 1908 in the German Empire and died on June 14, 1994.
The generated text is : Michael Rooker was born in 1955.
The generated text is : The Bedford Aerodrome is located in Thurleigh (which has the postal code MK44), in the United Kingdom. The Bedford Aerodrome serves the Bedford Autodrome.
The generated text is : Mexico has people called Mexicans and uses the Mexican peso as its currency. Bionico, served as a dessert, is from the Guadalajara region in Mexico and contains raisins. A cookie is a dessert as well.
The generated text is : Bernard Knowles was the cinematographer of the film English Without Tears.
The generated text is : English Without Tears is a movie produced by Anatole de Grunwald and runs for 89 minutes. The music was made by Nicholas Brodszky and it was released to theaters on July 28th, 1944.
The generated text is : Ciudad Ayala is a part of Morelos and is in the country of Mexico. The population of the metropolitan area is 1,777,539 and is governed by a council-manager government. Their UTC offset is -6.
The generated text is : 1147 Stavropolis epoch is 31 July 2016 (Julian Day 2457600.5). It was discovered by Grigory Neujmin. It has a periapsis of 260855000000.0 and the orbital period of the asteroid 1147 Stavropolis is 1249.6 days.
The generated text is : Musician John Lennon wrote and performed the song Imagine.
The generated text is : The leader of India is given the title of President.
The generated text is : Tom Sizemore active years as an actor started in 1989.
The generated text is : Broadcasted by the BBC, Bananaman was last aired on the 15th April 1986.
The generated text is : Photographer Liselotte Grschebina was born in the German Empire, founded on January 1, 1871. However, Grschebina is an Israeli national.
The generated text is : The campus of the Acharya Institute of Technology is located at Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore, India – 560090. The University is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and was given the status of Technical Campus by All India Council for Technical Education, which is located in Mumbai.
The generated text is : Bionico is a dessert food found in Mexico where the local currency is the peso. Another nice dessert is the confectionery Sandesh.
The generated text is : The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in Adams County, in the municipality of Gettysburg, Pennsylvania. Adams County has Cumberland County to its north and to its southeast, Carroll County, Maryland. The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument falls under the category of contributing property.
The generated text is : The town of Darlington, which was the birth place of Lady Anne Monson, is home to one hundred and six thousand people.
The generated text is : Although their main product is drugs, Hypermarcas, located in Sao Paulo, Brazil and led by the President of the Supreme Federal Court also sells healthcare products.
The generated text is : The children's show Bananaman, created by Steve Bright and starring Lancashire born Bill Oddie, was broadcast by the BBC. The BBC is a London based broadcasting house.
The generated text is : Chief Justice is one of the titles of Indian leaders.
The generated text is : The UTC offset at San Francisco is -7.
The generated text is : The Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes was recorded in America in St. Louis, Missouri. This was made on October 16th 2001 and was run for 230.05 minutes. This was preceded by the Velvet Underground album Squeeze.
The generated text is : The album titled Nord by Year of No Light was followed by Live at the Roadburn 2008. Nord was released on September, 6 in 2006.
The generated text is : The All India Council for Technical Education of Mumbai has designated the Acharya Institute of Technology, located at Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, directed by by Dr. G.P. Prabhukumar and affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in the city of Belgaum, as a Technical Campus.
The generated text is : The 3 minutes and 16 seconds song Mermaid by Train, released on 2012-12-27, was preceded by the song This'll be my year. The song was written by Espen Lind.
The generated text is : The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 and is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania, but is placed in the municipality of Gettysburg in Pennsylvania because Adams County, Pennsylvania has Carroll County, Maryland to its southeast.
The generated text is : The album Turn Me On is an album in the genres of punk blues and noise rock. It was preceded by the Let it Breed album. The runtime of the album is 35 minutes 10 seconds.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter's birth place was England.
The generated text is : Geof Bartz is the editor of 'Death on a Factory Farm' which was released by HBO and directed by Tom Simon.
The generated text is : The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument falls under the category of contributing property and was established in the year 2000 in Pennsylvania in the municipality of Gettysburg in the United States. The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument's location is Adams County, Pennsylvania, and Adams County, Pennsylvania has Cumberland County, Pennsylvania to its north.
The generated text is : Pools of Light by Brian Kelly was succeeded by instrumental compilation album Expect a Miracle, with a runtime of 54:56.
The generated text is : Death on a Factory Farm is directed and produced by Tom Simon, edited by Geof Bartz.
The generated text is : The address of Alan B. Miller Hall is 101 Ukrop Way, Virginia and the hall is currently tenanted by The Mason School of Business. The hall was designed by Robert A.M. Stern and was completed on June 1st, 2009.
The generated text is : The rock album, The Bootleg Series Volume I: The Quine Tapes, was recorded in St. Louis Missouri in the United States and was released on 10-16-2001. The album has a total runtime of 230.05 minutes and was preceded by the band’s album Squeeze.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy is a citizen of Turkey.
The generated text is : The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall, located in Williamsburg, Virginia.
The generated text is : Morelos has a total area of 4879.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy, born on the date 1934-01-01, is a recipient of the State Award for Superior Achievement and is a citizen of Turkey, where the capital city is Ankara and the official language is Turkish.
The generated text is : Mathematical optimization professional Darinka Dentcheva was born January 1, 1958. Known for her work in Stochastic programming, Dentcheva was influenced by Andrzej Piotr Ruszczyński. The New Jersey resident holds U.S. citizenship.
The generated text is : The Velvet Underground recorded and produced the Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes in the United States.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson (born in Darlington in the Kingdom of England on January, 1.1726) currently resides in India and is the spouse of George Monson. Lady Anne Monson died on 1776-02-18.
The generated text is : Liselotte Grschebina was born in Karlsruhe on May 2, 1908, studied at the School of Applied Arts in Stuttgart and died in Israel on June 14, 1994.
The generated text is : The Year of No Light's album Nord, released on Crucial Blast, is post-metal.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : The producer of the album Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes was the Velvet Underground, which is associated with the group Theatre of Eternal Music.
The generated text is : Bionico, a food found in Mexico, can be varied using cottage cheese.
The generated text is : Ciudad Ayala has a density of 1604.0, the UTC offset is -6, and the government type is called council-manager government.
The generated text is : Ciudad Ayala uses a type of government called council-manager government.
The generated text is : Bill Oddie starred in Bananaman, which was created by Steve Bright and was broadcasted by the BBC.
The generated text is : Directed by Cyril Frankel, the film It's Great to Be Young (1956) stars Cecil Parker.
The generated text is : The film McVeagh of the South Seas has been written by Harry Carey, who was born in 1878, and has an IMDb id of 0004319.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva's given name is Olga Nikolaevna Bondareva.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudnikov (born 1989-02-24) is in the FC Terek Grozny club. Their ground is based in Grozny.
The generated text is : 1634: The Bavarian Crisis was written by Eric Flint and DeMarce, who had also written short stories for the Grantville Gazettes.
The generated text is : The movie "Death on a Factory Farm" contains music composed by Jamie Lawrence, who was born on 03/08/1970.
The generated text is : Michael R. Burns is a key person at Lionsgate.
The generated text is : Nord is an album by Year of No Light in the sludge metal genre, of which southern sludge is a subgenre.
The generated text is : Super Capers is a 98 minute film which had a budget of 2000000 and brought home 30955 at the box office.
The generated text is : The UTC offset of Ciudad Ayala is -6.
The generated text is : Cumberland county, Pennsylvania is north of Adams County, Pennsylvania where the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument has stood since 2000, in the municipality of Gettysburg. Adams County has Frederick County, Maryland to its southwest and the monument itself is categorized as a contributing property.
The generated text is : Piotr Hallmann weighs 70.308kg.
The generated text is : Turkey has an area water percentage of 1.3.
The generated text is : "English Without Tears” was a film directed by Harold French and produced by Anatole de Grunwald. Bernard Knowles was in charge of the movie’s cinematography. The music throughout the film belongs to composer Nicholas Brodszky.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson was born in Darlington, in the Kingdom of England, on January 1st, 1726. Though Monson lived in the Kingdom of England and held British nationality, she resided in India for most of her life. She passed away on February 18th, 1776.
The generated text is : The album Turn Me On preceded by the album Let It Breed is produced by Wharton Tiers and the Honeymoon Killers, an American band, who are the actual performers of the album. The album lasts 35 minutes 10 seconds.
The generated text is : The Pontiac Rageous, a coupe manufactured by Pontiac, was assembled in Detroit, Michigan starting production in 1997. The last production of the Pontiac Rageous was in 1997.
The generated text is : The University of Burgundy has 2900 staff members, 27400 students, and 1299 doctoral students.
The generated text is : Erected in 2000, the monument to the 11th Mississippi infantry is a contributing property based in the US, in Adams County, Pennsylvania, in the municipality of Gettysburg. Southwest of this is Frederick County, Maryland and Southeast is Carroll County.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy, whose citizenship is Turkish, has a residence in Istanbul. The demonym for people who live in Turkey, which is located in the +2 UTC timezone, is "Turk".
The generated text is : The population of the metropolitan are of Ciudad Ayala is 1,777,539. It uses a type of government called council-manager government and one of the leaders of Ciudad Ayala is the City manager.
The generated text is : Wharton Tiers born on January, 1st 1953, and is the owner of The Honeymoon Killers which is the producer of the Turn Me On album.
The generated text is : Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport, operated by ENAIRE, is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastian de los Reyes and Alcobendas. Its runway length is 3500.
The generated text is : Expect a Miracle by Brian Kelly falls until both the instrumental genre and the easy listening genre.
The generated text is : Super Capers, a 98-minute, English-language film distributed by Lionsgate and Roadside Attractions, had a $2,000,000 budget, and was written by Ray Griggs and edited by Stacy Katzman.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson was born on 01-01-1726 and was in the professional field of botany. Her residence is in India, which has a total population of 1, 293, 057, 000 and whose demonym for people from India is called Indian.
The generated text is : Super Capers is an English-language movie that stars Michael Rooker and Tom Sizemore. It was edited by Stacy Katzman.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner, a musician from the Lotus Eaters band who started performing in 1995, plays black metal music.
The generated text is : Alan Shepard, a United States native, who served as Chief of the Astronaut Office in 1963, graduated from NWC in 1957 with an M.A. He was selected by NASA in 1959. Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18, 1923 and died in California.
The generated text is : Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in the United States Of America.
The generated text is : United States citizen, Alan Shepard, who was born in New Hampshire on November 18, 1923 and died in California, served as Chief of the Astronaut Office in 1963. He also served as a crew member of Apollo 14, and was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy.
The generated text is : The American band, the Honeymoon Killers, self-produced its album called Turn Me On, which has a run time of 35.1 minutes.
The generated text is : Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense of the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C league played in the 2015 season and has 17000 members.
The generated text is : It's Great to Be Young is a 1956 film which received £282,838, with John Mills playing the lead and Gilbert Taylor as cinematographer.
The generated text is : The University of Burgundy is located in Dijon and has 27400 students.
The generated text is : Bionico (is a dessert) is a food made with condensed milk found in Mexico. The currency in Mexico is the Mexican peso inhabited by Mexicans.
The generated text is : The Bootleg Series Volume I: The Quine Tapes created and produced by The Velvet Underground with runtime of 230.05 minutes was recorded in St. Louis, Missouri, United States. The rock music genre album is preceded by the Velvet Underground album Squeeze.
The generated text is : McVeagh of the South Seas was a movie directed by Harry Carey and Gregory Allen. It starred Carey and was distributed by Alliance Films Corporations. The movie can be found on IMDb by inputting the ID of 0004319.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter was born in England on January 1, 1942. His doctoral advisor was Dennis William Sciama and his professional field was General Relativity.
The generated text is : The film 'Death on a Factory Farm' was directed by Sarah Teale and is 83 minutes long.
The generated text is : Bedford Aerodrome's ICAO identifier is EGBF. It is located 83.2104 meters above sea level and has a runway made of concrete.
The generated text is : 1147 Stavropolis apoapsis is 418476000000.0, and its absolute magnitude is 11.5.
The generated text is : Abraham A. Ribicoff who was a member of the Democratic Party in the USA was born in the USA where African Americans are an ethnic group and was married to Ruth Ribicoff.
The generated text is : Born on August 25th, 1987, Piotr Hallmann stands at 175.26 cm tall.
The generated text is : The Honeymoon Killers, producers of the album Turn Me On, are also associated with the band Pussy Galore.
The generated text is : Based at Broadcasting House and founded by John Reith 1st Baron Reith, the BBC broadcast the show Bananaman. Bananaman was written by Steve Bright and starred Bill Oddie.
The generated text is : Liselotte Grschebina was born in the German Empire, did her studies at the School of Applied Arts in Stuttgart and is an Israeli national. Israel has a total area of 20,769 square kilometers and one of the official languages of Israel Is Modern Standard Arabic.
The generated text is : Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is the Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Arapiraca. Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense has 17000 members and play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league and were in were in Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C in 2015 from Brazil.
The generated text is : The UTC offset for Istanbul is +2.
The generated text is : The song Mermaid is a reggae song that lasts 3.16 minutes in length and is written under the team Stargate that was led by Amund Bjorklund. This song was followed by the cover Imagine of John Lennon.
The generated text is : The campus of the Acharya Institute of Technology is located at Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, in Karnataka state. The director of the Institute is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar. The Institute is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. It was given the status of Technical Campus by All India Council for Technical Education, which is located in Mumbai.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva was born in Leningrad, which was part of the USSR, on April 27, 1937. She later passed away in Saint Petersburg.
The generated text is : The Acharya Institute of Technology has around 700 post graduate students, its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. The institute was given 'Technical Campus' status by the All India Council for Technical Education which is based in the city of Mumbai. The address of the institute’s campus is Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090.
The generated text is : Dennis William Sciama is the doctoral advisor for Brandon Carter who was born in England.
The generated text is : The song performed by the band, Train, titled Mermaid, was written by Espen Lind and Amund Bjorklund and procured by Espionage. Mermaid was from Train's album California 37 and was distributed in a digital format. The song, Mermaid, was followed by the realease of the cover song, Imagine which was originally by John Lennon.
The generated text is : Polydor Records' distributing label is Interscope Geffen A&M.
The generated text is : Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire, America, on November 18th, 1923. He went to school at NWC and graduated with an MA in 1957. He retired on August 1st, 1974, and died in California.
The generated text is : The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall, located at 101 Ukrop Way in Virginia in the United States.
The generated text is : The Pontiac Rageous coupe was assembled in Michigan.
The generated text is : Terence Rattigan and Anatole de Grunwald (birthdate 25-12-1910) are the writers of English Without Tears.
The generated text is : Expect a Miracle's genre is easy listening, and is preceded by the Brian Kelly album Pools of Light.
The generated text is : The runway length of the Bedford Aerodrome (serviced by the Bedford Autodrome) in Thurleigh measures 1095.0.
The generated text is : The Year of No Light album Nord, self-produced by the band, was followed by Year of No Light's album Live at Roadburn 2008.
The generated text is : 1147 Stavropolis is an asteroid with apoapsis of 418476000000.0 AU, discovered on 11 June 1929.
The generated text is : Ciudad Ayala, which is in the Pacific Standard Time Zone, sports a population density of 1604.0.
The generated text is : The genre of the album Nord is post-metal and sludge metal which uses synthesizer and singing respectively .
The generated text is : Music group the Velvet Underground released album Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes, which has a runtime of 230.05 minutes and was recorded in the United States.
The generated text is : 1147 Stavropolis was discovered by Grigory Neujmin. The 1147 Stavropolis asteroid has an apoapsis of 418476000000.0 AU.
The generated text is : Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense compete in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league that had a competition in 2015.
The generated text is : Liselotte Grschebina is an Israeli national who studied at the School of Applied Arts in Stuttgart. She died on June 14th, 1994.
The generated text is : Super Capers is a film written by Ray Griggs.
The generated text is : Bionico (a dish served for dessert) is a food from Guadalajara in Mexico. The currency in Mexico is the Mexican peso inhabited by the Mexicans. A cookie is a dessert.
The generated text is : Expect a Miracle recorded and produced by Brian Kelly is instrumental music genre and has a run time of 54.56.
The generated text is : The editing of the movie English Without Tears is done by Alan Jaggs.
The generated text is : Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense, play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C league, which the Vila Nova Futebol Clube were champions of.
The generated text is : The birth place of Nie Haisheng is Zaoyang .
The generated text is : The album Turn Me On, produced by Wharton Tiers, is preceded by the album Let It Breed.
The generated text is : The campus of the Acharya Institute of Technology is located at Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore, Karnataka – 560090, India and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The generated text is : The total population of India is 1293057000.
The generated text is : Zaoyang is part of Hubei province.
The generated text is : Tokat is located in the country of Turkey.
The generated text is : In Dijon, 2900 staff members from the University of Burgundy service the student body which includes 1299 doctoral students.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner is a post metal singer who was born in Massachusetts and played with the band Twilight.
The generated text is : Alan Shepard was born on November, 18 of 1923 in the state of New Hampshire and died in California. He retired in August of 1974.
The generated text is : Turn Me On's genre can be defined as punk blues and noise rock.
The generated text is : Peter Ogden is the founder of MotorSport Vision which operates the Bedford Aerodrome in Thurleigh, whose postal code is MK44.
The generated text is : Wharton Tiers produced the album titled “Take it Off!”.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva's original birthplace was in Leningrad, part of the USSR.
The generated text is : Produced between May 1950 and August 1956, the ALCO RS-3 has a V12 engine and diesel-electric transmission. Its total length is 17068.8 mm.
The generated text is : The album Take It Off! was preceded by the album Turn Me On.
The generated text is : John Mills died in Denham, Buckinghamshire.
The generated text is : Felipe Gozon is the key person of GMA New Media which makes mobile apps.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter, born January 1st 1942, completed his doctorate under the guidance of his doctoral advisor Dennis William Sciama.
The generated text is : The movie "Super Capers" (98 minute length) stars Michael Rooker and Tom Sizemore. The film is distributed by Lionsgate and Roadside Attractions.
The generated text is : Brian Kelly recorded and produced Expect a Miracle, which is a compilation album that has a runtime of 54:56. It was preceded by Pools of Light, also by Brian Kelly.
The generated text is : Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in the United States, and his spouse was Casey Ribicoff.
The generated text is : Bedford Aerodrome, located in Thurleigh, has served the Bedford Autodrome. Its runway length is 1,095. The Bedford Aerodrome has an operating organization called the MotorSport Vision.
The generated text is : Piotr Hallmann currently weighs 70.308kg and was born on August 25, 1987 in Gdynia, Poland which was founded on February 10, 1926 and has a total area of 135 square kilometres.
The generated text is : The discoverer of 1147 Stavropolis is Grigory Neujmin.
The generated text is : Standing at 175.26 cm, Piotr Hallmann was born in Gdynia, Poland on August 25, 1987.
The generated text is : Liselotte Grschebina is an Israeli national whose leader is Reuven Rivlin.
The generated text is : Super Capers is a film starring Adam West.
The generated text is : The Return of the King followed The Two Towers.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy was born in Reşadiye, a town in Turkey. The currency in Turkey is based on a unit called lira. Turkish is the language that is official in turkey.
The generated text is : Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense from Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league okay in Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca.
The generated text is : Jamie Lawrence was born on March 8, 1970.
The generated text is : The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument, a contributing property, is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania which is east to the Franklin County, Pennsylvania.
The generated text is : Sludge metal includes singing, among other things.
The generated text is : The ICAO location identifier for Bedford Aerodrome is EGBF and its runway is made of concrete.
The generated text is : Broadcast by HBO, Death on a Factory Farm starred and was produced by Tom Simon and Sarah Teale. It was edited by Geof Bartz.
The generated text is : Harry Carey an actor born in 1878 is the writer and director of McVeagh of the South Seas, which is directed by Cyril Bruce.
The generated text is : Super Capers is a movie starring Justin Whalin that was distributed by Lionsgate and Roadside Attractions. Roadside Attractions was founded in 2003.
The generated text is : Israel is formally known as the State of Israel.
The generated text is : The length of ALCO RS-3 is 17068.8 millimetres. It has a cylinder count of 12 and a V12 engine.
The generated text is : The birth date of Michael Rooker is April 6th 1955.
The generated text is : Mexico has a total area of 1972550.0.
The generated text is : The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument established in the year 2000, located in Adams County, Pennsylvania falls under the category of Contributing property. Adams County Pennsylvania is East of Franklin County, Pennsylvania and has Cumberland County, Pennsylvania to its north and Carroll County, Maryland to its southeast.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudnikov was previously a member of the youth side of FC Spartak Moscow and currently is on the FC Terek Grozny club which is managed by Rashid Rakhimov.
The generated text is : Ciudad Ayala is a metropolitan city, which is part of Morelos, that has population of 1777539 and population density is 1604. The government type in the city of Ciudad Ayala is council-manager where the City Manager is the leader.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter ,a University of Cambridge graduate is a professional in the field of general relativity, known for Carter constant and No-hair theorem had Dennis William Sciama as his doctoral advisor. He was born on 01-01-1942 in England.
The generated text is : Super Capers was a film distributed by Lionsgate and Roadside Attractions. It stars Tom Sizemore and Michael Rooker.
The generated text is : Stoner sludge is a musical subgenre of sludge metal.
The generated text is : Bionico is a dessert found in Mexico, where the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo and the currency is the Mexican peso.
The generated text is : Bionico is a Mexican dessert found in the region of Jalisco. Mexico's inhabitants are called 'Mexicans', their currency is the Mexican Peso and their leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo.
The generated text is : English Without Tears, which is 89 minutes long, was produced by Anatole de Grunwald.
The generated text is : Liselotte Grschebina was a photographer who studied at the School of Applied Arts in Stuttgart. She was born in the German Empire.
The generated text is : The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall, which is located in Virginia.
The generated text is : The 17068.8 millimetres long ALCO RS-3 has a cylinder count of 12.
The generated text is : Liselotte Grschebina was born within the German Empire, whose currency is the South German gulden.
The generated text is : The song Mermaid, which was released by the band Train, was written by Espen Lind and produced by the Stargate production team who are also associated with musical artists Michael Jackson and Benny Blanco.
The generated text is : The Hobbit, was which published on September 21, 1937, came before The Fellowship of the Ring.
The generated text is : The director of the movie "It's Great to Be Young" was Cyril Frankel, and the cinematographer was Gilbert Taylor. John Mills had a main role in the film. The length of the movie is 94 minutes and it has taken in 282,838 pounds at the box office.
The generated text is : The Acharya Institute of Technology's motto is "Nurturing Excellence". Acharya was given the 'Technical Campus' status by All India Council for Technical Education (located in Mumbai), and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. The academic staff at Acharya is made up of around 500 employees, Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar is the director. The Acharya Institute of Technology is located at Soldevanahalli, Acharya Doctor Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Rd, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090.
The generated text is : Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense played in 2015, has over 17000 members and play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league, which is based in Brazil.
The generated text is : Brian Kelly, producer of the album Pools of Light, has a new instrumental compilation album called "Expect A Miracle" (runtime 54.56 minutes). Kelly will also release the album 'Afterplay'.
The generated text is : At 17068.8 millimetres in length, the ALCO RS-3 has a V12 engine.
The generated text is : MotorSport Vision operates the Bedford Aerodrome which is in Thurleigh and serves the Bedford Autodrome. The runway length at the Bedford Aerodrome is 1095 and it is 83.2104 meters above sea level.
The generated text is : The Pontiac Rageous is manufactured by Pontiac and was first produced in 1997 in Detroit, Michigan. The Pontiac Rageous was also last produced in the same year.
The generated text is : Liselotte Grschebina was born in Karlsruhe May 2, 1908 and has Israeli nationality.
The generated text is : Nie Haisheng was born in Zaoyang and Hubei. Nie Haisheng was part of the Shenzhou 10 mission and Shenzhou 6 mission.
The generated text is : The Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense club with 17000 members play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in 2015 based in Brazil. The full name of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is "Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense" and their ground is the Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca located in Arapiraca.
The generated text is : The Pontiac Rageous which has a coupe body style was manufactured by Pontiac only in 1997.
The generated text is : The Pontiac Rageous was assembled in Detroit.
The generated text is : The BBC, which was founded by 1st Baron, John Reith, broadcasted Bananaman.
The generated text is : Nicholas Brodszky composed songs in English Without Tears, which was directed by Harold French.
The generated text is : Imagine, a pop song by John Lennon, was released prior to the reggae song Mermaid by Train. After the release of Imagine, the song Happy Xmas came out.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson (spouse of George Monson) studied the professional field of botany. She resided in India, despite being a national of the Kingdom of England.
The generated text is : Hakeem Ayers started his career in 2011 when he debuted for the Tennessee Titans.
The generated text is : Death on a Factory Farm is an 83 minute movie produced by Tom Simon. Geof Bartz edited the film while Jamie Lawrence wrote the music.
The generated text is : The University of Burgundy is located in France.
The generated text is : MotorSport vision is in Kent.
The generated text is : The total area of Michigan is 250493000000.0 and the Pontiac Rageous was assembled in Michigan.
The generated text is : Steve Bright created Bananaman which first aired on the BBC on 3rd October, 1983. The BBC are located at Broadcasting House in London.
The generated text is : People from Mexico are called Mexicans, and they use the Mexican peso currency to purchase dessert dishes like cookies and Bionico. Bionico is a dish found in Mexico that is composed of granola, a Mexican ingredient.
The generated text is : The University of Burgundy, which is in Dijon, has 27400 students in all, of which 1299 are doctoral students.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva was born in Leningrad, USSR and worked in Mathematics and Economics until her death in 1991 in Saint Petersburg.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson was born in the Kingdom of England making her nationality with that Kingdom. She died on February 18, 1776.
The generated text is : The song Mermaid is on Columbia Records.
The generated text is : Abraham A. Ribicoff, whose spouse was Ruth Ribicoff, was born in the U.S. and was also a national of the United States. He was a member of the Democratic Party and was in office at the same time that John F. Kennedy was President.
The generated text is : The Pontiac Rageous which has a coupe body style, was a car manufactured by Pontiac in Detroit.
The generated text is : Bananaman, which starred Tim Brooke-Taylor, first aired on 3rd October 1983.
The generated text is : Grigory Neujmin birthdate is Jan 1, 1886.
The generated text is : The Train song Mermaid is distributed in the digital format.
The generated text is : Tim Brooke-Taylor was a star of Bananaman which was broadcast by the BBC who are based at Broadcasting House in London.
The generated text is : One character in the film Big Hero 6 (distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures) was Baymax.
The generated text is : The Fellowship of the Ring was a novel written by J.R.R. Tolkien that was released on July 29, 1954 and was published by George Allen & Unwin. The novel is in the fantasy genre and was preceded by the Hobbit and followed by The Two Towers.
The generated text is : Elevated 1147 metres above sea level and with a population density of 1604, the city of Ciudad Ayala is in the Pacific Standard Time Zone or PDT. Its leader is known as the governator.
The generated text is : The Bedford Aerodrome runway surface is made out of concrete and is named 08/26 as well as being 1095 long. Its International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) identifier is EGBF and it is 83.2104 above sea level.
The generated text is : Alan Shepard, a test pilot born in New Hampshire, died in California.
The generated text is : Bedford Aerodrome has 08/26 runway made of concrete at an elevation of 83.2104 above sea level.
The generated text is : The construction of Alan B. Miller Hall started on March 30th, 2007. Robert A. M. Stern is the architect of the building, which was built in the Georgian architecture style.. Alan B. Miller Hall is located at 101 Ukrop Way, and the current tenant is the Mason School of Business. The College of William and Mary owns the Hall.
The generated text is : Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastian de los Reyes and Alcobendas, 610 meters above sea level. This airport is operated by ENAIRE, also located in Madrid.
The generated text is : The address of the Alan B. Miller Hall is "101 Ukrop Way" in Virginia, USA and it currently houses The Mason School of Business. The College of William and Mary is the owner of the Robert A.M. Stern designed hall which began construction on 30/03/2007.
The generated text is : MotorSport Vision is the operating organisation for Bedford Aerodrome which is located in Thurleigh.
The generated text is : Liselotte Grschebina was born on May 2, 1908, was a professional photographer and died in Petah Tikva.
The generated text is : Harry Carey, born in 1878, wrote, directed and starred in McVeagh of the South Seas. The movie was also directed by Cyril Bruce and was registered in IMDb with the ID 0004319.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva ( born on April 27, 1937) was studying Economics at Leningrad State University.
The generated text is : The Fellowship of the Ring, which was published by George Allen & Unwin, was followed by The Two Towers.
The generated text is : Harry Carey is the writer for the film McVeagh of the South Seas.
The generated text is : J.R.R. Tolkien’s The Fellowship of the Ring continues the storyline of The Two Towers.
The generated text is : The College of William and Mary is the owner of the Alan B. Miller Hall which is located in Virginia at 101 Ukrop Way. The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of the hall which was completed on 01/06/2009. The building was designed by Robert A.M. Stern and began construction on 30/03/2007.
The generated text is : Designed by Robert Stern and located at 101 Ukrop Way the Alan B. Miller Hall building was commenced on 30 March of 2007. Currently tenanted by the Mason School of Business and owned by the College of William and Mary, the building is located in the United States.
The generated text is : The John Lennon song Imagine belongs to the album Imagine by John Lennon.
The generated text is : The University of Burgundy in Dijon has 2900 staff members that serve 27400 students, of which 1299 are doctoral students and 16800 are undergraduates.
The generated text is : ENAIRE is the operating organisation for Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport. This airport is situated 610 meters above sea level and has a runway length of 3500.
The generated text is : Super Capers is a 98 minute film directed by Ray Griggs and starring Tom Lister Jr. The movie made $30,955.
The generated text is : The 1147 Stavropolis that was discovered on June 11, 1929, has a rotation period of 20378.5 and an apoapsis of 418476000000.0.
The generated text is : Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar is the director of Bangalore’s Acharya Institute of Technology which has an affiliation with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The generated text is : Alan B. Miller Hall, property of The College of William and Mary, was designed by architect Robert A.M. Stern. The location of the building is 101 Ukrop Way and it is currently tenanted by The Mason School of Business.
The generated text is : The Honeymoon Killers are the producers of the album Turn Me On.
The generated text is : It's Great to Be Young (1956) movie written by Ted Willis and directed by Cyril Frankel. The movie stars Cecil Parker and John Mills, who died in 2005.
The generated text is : One of the leaders of Ciudad Ayala is Juan Nolasco.
The generated text is : Train followed their pop rock song Mermaid with the John Lennon song Imagine, which was followed by the release of the song Happy Xmas (War Is Over).
The generated text is : The ALCO RS-3 was produced between May 1950 and August 1956. It has a V12 engine and its length is 17068.8 millimetres.
The generated text is : Eric Flint is the author of the 448 page book, 1634: The Bavarian Crisis.
The generated text is : Death on a Factory Farm is an 83 minute long film edited by Geof Bartz. The music in the film was composed by Jamie Lawrence, produced by Tom Simon, edited by Geof Bartz and is broadcasted by HBO.
The generated text is : Liselotte Grschebina was born in Karlsruhe and is an Israeli national. In Israel, people speak Modern Hebrew.
The generated text is : The University of Burgundy employs 2900 staff members with 16800 undergraduate students.
The generated text is : GMA New Media produces online games.
The generated text is : Hypermarcas, which is located in Brazil, sells healthcare products and its main product is drugs.
The generated text is : Hypermarcas produces healthcare and cosmetic products. With 10252 employees they have a net income of 108,600,00 and makes $1,800,00,00 a year.
The generated text is : The public company, Lionsgate, and Roadside Attractions distributed the movie "Super Capers". "Super Capers" is filmed in English, whose ISO 639-1 code is "en".
The generated text is : Wharton Tiers produced Turn Me On, which was followed by Take It Off!
The generated text is : Indie pop is a music subgenre of pop rock.
The generated text is : The population density in Ciudad Ayala is 1604, and it has a leader called the Governator.
The generated text is : Ciudad Ayala is a city with a population density of 1604.0, a metropolitan population of 1,777,539, and has a city manager as one of its leaders.
The generated text is : The genre of the album Nord is sludge metal.
The generated text is : The length of the ALCO RS-3 is 17068.8 millimetres. It has a diesel-electric transmission. It was built and produced between May 1950 and August 1956 by the American Locomotive company.
The generated text is : Train is a pop rock band.
The generated text is : Super Capers is an English-language film edited by Stacy Katzman and starring Michael Rooker and Tom Sizemore. Duration of the movie is 98 minutes, and it was distributed by Roadside Attractions and Lionsgate.
The generated text is : The author of the Fellowship of the Ring is J.R.R. Tolkien, and it was published by George Allen & Unwin on July 29, 1954. The Hobbit came before it.
The generated text is : The song Mermaid was written by the band Train lasts 3.16 minutes and had been preceded by the song This'll Be My Year. The Train song Mermaid is in the reggae genre & was followed by the release of Imagine by John Lennon performed by Train/produced by the production team Espionage.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva was born on January 1st, 1958 as a citizen of the United States. Her alma mater is Humboldt University, and she is a professional in the field of mathematical optimization. Andrzej Piotr Ruszczynski was an influence on Dentcheva.
The generated text is : McVeagh of the South Seas is a film distributed by Alliance Films Corporation.
The generated text is : Nie Haisheng is from the People's Republic of China and was born in Zaoyang.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy, born in Turkey and currently resides there, once resided in Istanbul of the country Turkey which has a unitary form of government and 1.3 percentage of its area covered by water.
The generated text is : The film Super Capers, which starred Michael Rooker, was written and directed by Ray Griggs who was born in 1974.
The generated text is : MotorSport Vision is the operating organisation for Bedford Aerodrome.
The generated text is : The drum kit is an instrument used in the punk blues genre, which is the genre of Turn Me On.
The generated text is : The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall, designed by Robert A.M. Stern, located at 101 Ukrop Way, and owned by the College of William and Mary.
The generated text is : Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes was produced by The Velvet Underground.
The generated text is : It's Great to be Young (1956 film) was directed by Cyril Frankel, composed by Louis Levy and has a running time of 94 minutes.
The generated text is : In the United States, a monument to the 11th Mississippi Infantry was erected in 2000.
The generated text is : Liselotte Grschebina was born in the German Empire.
The generated text is : The post-metal band, Nord released their album Year of No Light on September 6, 2006.
The generated text is : The genre of the Turn Me On album is noise rock.
The generated text is : Ciudad Ayala government type in the city is council-manager and has a leader called the Governator. The population density in Ciudad Ayala is 1604.
The generated text is : The 1956 film It's Great to be Young was directed by Cyril Frankel. The star of the movie was Cecil Parker, and John Mills had a main role as well.
The generated text is : 'Death on a Factory Farm' was directed and produced by Tom Simon.
The generated text is : Hypermarcas is a type of S.A. corporation that produces healthcare products in the pharmaceutical industry. With 10252 employees, Hypermarcas has a net income of 108,600,000 and a subsidiary called Mantecorp.
The generated text is : The 89-minute movie English Without Tears was composed by Nicholas Brodszky, edited by Alan Jaggs, and filmed by Bernard Knowles.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter, born on January 1, 1942, graduated from the University of Cambridge and is an expert in general relativity,.
The generated text is : The 17068.8 millimetres long ALCO RS-3 was produced from May 1950 to August 1956.
The generated text is : Born in October of 1964, Nie Haisheng was part of both the Shenzhou 6 and 10 missions. He was born in Zaoyang in Hubei.
The generated text is : The construction of Alan B. Miller Hall started on March 30th, 2007. Robert A. M. Stern is the architect of the building. Alan B. Miller Hall is located at 101 Ukrop Way, and the current tenant is the Mason School of Business. The College of William and Mary owns the Hall.
The generated text is : Piotr Hallmann was born on August 25, 2987, weights 70.308 kg and is 175.26 cm tall.
The generated text is : GMA New Media, a mobile applications company offering services concerning the World Wide Web, was founded on 01-01-2020.
The generated text is : Mexico's government has a position titled the "President of the Senate".
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson was born in Darlington, in the Kingdom of England on 1/1/1726.
The generated text is : The main ingredients of Bionico are chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins. Bionico (a dish served for dessert) is a food found in Mexico. The currency in Mexico is the Mexican peso inhabited by the Mexicans led by Silvano Aureoles Conejo.
The generated text is : The Honeymoon Killers produced album Turn Me On in conjunction with Wharton Tiers. The album’s total length is 35 minutes 10 seconds and it was preceded by the Let it Breed album.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva was born on April 27,1937 in Leningrad, USSR. She was known for the Bondareva-Shapley theorem and later died in Saint Petersburg.
The generated text is : Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense has 17000 members and is playing the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C from Brazil (champions: Vila Nova Futebol Clube). They also competed there in 2015. Their home ground is the Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca located in Arapiraca.
The generated text is : Bionico is a dish served for dessert in Spanish-speaking Mexico.
The generated text is : Dijon has an elevation of 245.0 above the sea level.
The generated text is : The song mermaid by Train which is produced by the production team Espionage was followed by the release of Imagine by John Lennon performed by Train and is now available in the digital format.
The generated text is : The Acharya Institute of Technology campus is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090. The Institute, which is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum, employs about 500 academic staff. The director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar. Acharya Institute of Technology was given the Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Technical Education, which is located in Mumbai.
The generated text is : Dijon is located in France, a country with a unitary state form of government. The University of Burgundy with its 27400 students is located in Dijon.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy, whose nationality is Turkish, is a citizen of Turkey. Turkey’s long name is “The Republic of Turkey” and the language spoken is Turkish.
The generated text is : The stylistic origin of reggae is rhythm and blues.
The generated text is : 1147 Stavropolis is an asteroid, discovered on 11 June 1929.
The generated text is : "McVeagh of the South Seas" was directed by Cyril Bruce and actor Harry Carey. Harry Carey, born in 1878, also acted in the film and wrote it. Alliance Films Corporation distributed "McVeagh of the South Seas", and the movie has ID 0004319 on IMDb. The Progressive Motion Picture Company was responsible for the film’s production.
The generated text is : The film Super Capers stars Justin Whalin.
The generated text is : The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport in San Sebastián de los Reyes , operated by ENAIRE has an elevation of 610.0 metres above sea level and has runway length of 3,500.
The generated text is : The Bedford Aerodrome served the Bedford Autodrome and its International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) identifier is EGBF. The Bedford Aerodrome is at an elevation of 83.2104 above sea level and has a runway, which is made out of concrete, called 08/26.
The generated text is : Bernard Knowles was the cinematographer of the film English Without Tears, written by Anatole de Grunwald.
The generated text is : Abraham A. Ribicoff was born and died in the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group. His wife is Ruth Ribicoff.
The generated text is : The location of Bedford Aerodrome is Thurleigh which is located within the United Kingdom.
The generated text is : GMA Network is the parent company of GMA New Media.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson was born in the Kingdom of England where Winchester was previously the capital.
The generated text is : Ciudad Ayala is a city in the UTC offset -6 timezone in the country of Mexico with a population density of 1604.0. The city leader is called the governator.
The generated text is : Alan Shepard was born on November 18, 1923, in New Hampshire, U.S.A. He was a graduate of NWC, earning an M.A. in 1957. Shepard died on July 12, 1998, in California.
The generated text is : The Train song Mermaid lasts 3.16 minutes.
The generated text is : The song Imagine by John Lennon followed Mermaid is by the musical band Train. The song Imagine was followed by the release of the song Happy Xmas (War Is Over).
The generated text is : The asteroid 1147 Stavropolis, which was discovered on the 11th of June 1929, has an absolute magnitude of 11.5.
The generated text is : Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and graduated from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology with a Sc.D. in 1963.
The generated text is : Harold French served as film director of 'English Without Tears'.
The generated text is : Reşadiye is a part of the Tokat Province.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva was born on January 1st, 1958 and is known for her work with stochastic programming. Her professional field is Mathematical Optimization.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva (born Olga Nikolaevna Bondareva, on April 27, 1937) is known for the Bondareva-Shapley theorem.
The generated text is : Petah Tikva is in Israel.
The generated text is : ENAIRE, which is located in Madrid, is the operating organisation for Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport. This airport is situated 610 meters above sea level.
The generated text is : Harold French has been active as an actor since 1920.
The generated text is : Bionico is a found that is popular in the region of Jalisco, Mexico.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudnikov was born 02-24-1989, and currently plays for FC Amkar Perm, managed by Gadzhi Gadzhiyev. Aleksandr also played for FC Spartak Moscow's youth team.
The generated text is : The Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca, the home ground of the team Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, is located in Arapiraca. Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, which has 17000 members, plays in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league and played in the 2015 season in the league. Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions of Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C.
The generated text is : Brian Kelly's compilation album, Expect a Miracle (runtime of 54:56) was preceded by Pools of Light.
The generated text is : The ALCO RS-3, which was made between May 1950 and August 1956 by the American Locomotive Company, has a cylinder count of 12 and is 17068.8 millimetres long.
The generated text is : Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes, released in 2001-10-16 has a run time of 230:05.
The generated text is : The Bedford Aerodrome is located in Thurleigh and it has a runway with the length of 1095.0.
The generated text is : With an orbital period of 1249.6, 1147 Stavropolis is an asteroid with an absolute magnitude of 11.5 and an apoapsis of 418476000000.0 AU. Its epoch is 31 July 2016 (JD2457600.5) and its periapsis is 260855000000.0.
The generated text is : Noise pop is a fusion genre of noise rock.
The generated text is : Ciudad Ayala (UTC offset of -6) has a population density of 1604.0; its elevation above sea level is 1147.0.
The generated text is : AmeriGas is located in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania which is a census-designated place. AmeriGas provides its services in the United States, which is led by Paul Ryan.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson, an Englishwoman residing in India, is married to George Monson.
The generated text is : Hypermarcas, which is located in Brazil, was founded on 2001-01-01 and makes drugs.
The generated text is : Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense, known as Alvinegro play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league from Brazil has 17000 members.
The generated text is : Alan Shepard was born on November 18th, 1923 in New Hampshire and later died in California. Shepard was a crew member of Apollo 14 and was also the Chief of the Astronaut Office in 1963.
The generated text is : Alan Shepard, an American, was born on Nov. 18, 1923 in New Hampshire. Shepard went to school at NWC and graduated with an MA in 1957 and was also awarded the Distinguished Service Medal in the United States Navy.
The generated text is : MotorSport Vision operates the Bedford Aerodrome which serves the Bedford Autodrome and is in Thurleigh.
The generated text is : The American Locomotive Company produced the 17068.8 millimetres long ALCO RS-3 between May 1950 and August 1956.
The generated text is : Born 20.11.1894, music composer, Louis Levy, grew up to compose "It's Great to Be Young, a film that debuted in 1956.
The generated text is : Nie Haisheng was born in Hubei province and is a citizen of the people's Republic of China.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter, known for the Penrose diagram, was born on January 1, 1942 and attended the University of Cambridge.
The generated text is : To the east of Franklin County, Pennsylvania is Adams County, Pennsylvania where the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000.
The generated text is : Liselotte Grschebina, who was born on 1908-05-02 in Karlsruhe within the German Empire, died on the 14th of June, 1994.
The generated text is : The Bedford Aerodrome serves the Bedford Autodrome and is operated by MotorSport Vision. The runway length at the Bedford Aerodrome is 1095. The ICAO location identifier for the Bedford Aerodrome is EGBF.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva died in Saint Petersburg, a city founded on 1703-05-27.
The generated text is : Dennis William Sciama was the doctoral advisor of Brandon Carter who was born in England on January 1st 1942.
The generated text is : Train song Mermaid, a pop rock song, was released under the record label Columbia Records.
The generated text is : Johnny Colt and Charlie Colin are the former member and former band mate of the band Train, which wrote the song Mermaid, respectively.
The generated text is : Alan Shepard was born on November 18th, 1923, in New Hampshire. He went to school at NWC and graduated with an MA in 1957. Then, in 1963, he was the Chief of the Astronaut Office. He died in California.
The generated text is : Nord is an album produced by Year of No Light, which is also associated with Altar of Plagues.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva, an economist known for the Bondareva-Shapley theorem, studied at Leningrad State University.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter was born on January 1, 1942 in England. Brandon graduated from the University of Cambridge, whose chancellor is David Sainsbury (Baron Sainsbury of Turville) and his doctoral advisor was Dennis William Sciama.
The generated text is : 1147 Stavropolis was discovered by Grigory Neujmin. Its absolute magnitude is 11.5, periapsis is 260855000000, the orbital period of the asteroid is 1249.6 days and the apoapsis is 418476000000.0.
The generated text is : Juan Nolasco is one of the leaders of Ciudad Ayala, a city in the Pacific Standard Time Zone governed by a council-manager. Located in the Pacific Daylight time zone, Ciudad Ayala has a population density of 1604.
The generated text is : Year of No Light's "Live at Roadburn 2008" album was followed by the "Karysun/Year of No Light" EP.
The generated text is : Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on Nov 18, 1923. He graduated from NWC with an MA in 1957, quickly rising through the ranks to become Chief of the Astronaut Office in 1963. Alan Shepard, an American to the end, passed away in California.
The generated text is : Hypermarcas is in the pharmaceutical industry and is located in Brazil.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva was born on April 27, 1937 is most known for the Bondareva-Shapley theorem.
The generated text is : Akeem Ayers made his debut for the Tennessee Titans and he was born on July 10th,1989.
The generated text is : The film McVeagh of the South Seas with an IMDb id of 0004319 has been written by Harry Carey who was born in 1878, who also had a role in the movie.
The generated text is : Ethnic groups in Israel include Arabs.
The generated text is : McVeagh of the South Seas (IMDb ID 0004319) was produced by the Progressive Motion Picture Company and stars Harry Carey (born in 1878).
The generated text is : The University of Burgundy has 16800 undergraduate students, 1299 doctoral students, and 27400 students.
The generated text is : Post-hardcore music is a derivative of noise rock.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : 8,500 people work in AmeriGas.
The generated text is : The Bedford Aerodrome serves the Bedford Autodrome and has an elevation above the sea level at 83.2104 meters.
The generated text is : Hip hop music grew out of reggae.
The generated text is : The album Turn Me On whose genre is punk blues and noise rock has a run time of 35.1 minutes. It was produced by Wharton Tiers.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner was born in Massachusetts. His music is post-metal. He started performing in 1995 and played with the band of Twilight.
The generated text is : Bedford Aerodrome, located in Thurleigh, is operated by MotorSport Vision. MotorSport Vision was founded in 2004 by Jonathan Palmer.
The generated text is : The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University and has about 700 post-graduate students.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson was born in Darlington and was English.
The generated text is : Liselotte Grschebina was born on the 2nd of May, 1908 and died on the 14th of June, 1994, in Israel.
The generated text is : "English Without Tears" was written by Terence Rattigan.
The generated text is : Alan Shepard was born November 18th, 1923 in New Hampshire and his nationality was the United States. Shepard was a crew member of Apollo 14 and later died in California.
The generated text is : Adam West has been an actor since 1954.
The generated text is : Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca is located in Arapiraca and is the name of the ground of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense (full name "Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense"). The club has 17000 members and competes in the Brazilian Campeonato Brasileiro Série C, which the team Vila Nova Futebol Clube have been champions of.
The generated text is : Trane was founded on 1-1-1913 in LaCrosse, Wisconsin, and has revenue of $10,264,000,000. LaCrosse is 204 meters above sea level.
The generated text is : Nie Haisheng was born on October 13, 1964 in Zaoyang.
The generated text is : Bedford Aerodrome serves the Bedford Autodrome and is located in Thurleigh, 83.2104 above sea level. This airport is operated by MotorSport Vision. The runway is 1095 in length. Bedford Aerodrome's International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) identifier is EGBF.
The generated text is : Written and directed by Ray Griggs, the main role in the movie Super Capers went to Danielle Harris.
The generated text is : 1147 Stavropolis was discovered by Grigory Neujmin born on January 1, 1886.
The generated text is : Super Capers was a film with a budget of $2,000,000 that starred Michael Rooker. It was distributed by Lionsgate and Roadside Attractions.
The generated text is : It's Great to Be Young, a 1956 film starring John Mills, runs 94 minutes and made £282,838.
The generated text is : The University of Cambridge is located in the country of England.
The generated text is : The asteroid 1147 Stavropolis was discovered on the 11th of June 1929 and has a apoapsis of 418476000000.0 and a periapsis of 260855000000.
The generated text is : Released on 07-28-1944, "English Without Tears" was produced by Anatole de Grunwald. Although Nicholas Brodszky has no background in performing, he composed the music for the film.
The generated text is : The John Lennon song Imagine was followed by Happy Xmas (War Is Over).
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva was a student at Leningrad State University who died in Saint Petersburg, Russia whose leader is Georgy Poltavchenko.
The generated text is : Andrzej Piotr Ruszczyński is a professional in the field of mathematical optimization.
The generated text is : Hypermarcas was founded on the first of January 2001 and sells cosmetics.
The generated text is : The Brian Kelly album Expect a Miracle was preceded by the album Pools of Light.
The generated text is : The Turn Me On album produced by the Honeymoon Killers is in Punk blues and Noise rock genres.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva (whose given name is Olga Nikolaevna Bondareva), is known for the Bondareva-Shapley theorem.
The generated text is : Zaoyang is in Xiangyang.
The generated text is : Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas, 610 meters above sea level. This airport is operated by ENAIRE, which is located in Madrid, Spain. The runway is 4,349 meters long.
The generated text is : Tom Simon directed and produced Death on a Factory Farm which was edited by Geof Bartz and released by HBO. Sarah Teale was also a producer of the movie which had Jamie Lawrence as the music composer.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson is a British national who currently resides in India, a country of 3,287,590 square kilometers led by Pranab Mukherjee.
The generated text is : The film Super Capers, which grossed $30,955, is both directed and written by Ray Griggs, and it stars Adam West.
The generated text is : Michael Rooker and Tom Sizemore star in the English-speaking movie Super Capers.
The generated text is : The ICAO location identifier for Bedford Aerodrome is EGBF which has a runway named "08/26."
The generated text is : Super Capers, a film starring Tom Sizemore and Michael Rooker, is 98 minutes long. In charge of editing was Stacy Katzman, and the film is in English.
The generated text is : The MotorSport Vision location is the city of Longfield.
The generated text is : Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes album created by Velvet Underground with a genre rock, was preceded by the album Squeeze and recorded through Polydor Records under Universal Music Group record label released on 10-16-2001.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva, a stochastic programmer and graduate of Humboldt University, is a citizen of the United States of America.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner the Black metal musician plays electric guitar.
The generated text is : Bedford Aerodrome is at an elevation of 83.2104 above sea level.
The generated text is : The college of William and Mary is the owner of the Alan B. Miller Hall, 101 Ukrop Way.
The generated text is : Grigory Neujmin found 1147 Stavropolis, which has an absolute magnitude of 11.5.
The generated text is : The Fellowship of the Ring came before The Two Towers.
The generated text is : Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes was recorded in St. Louis, Missouri.
The generated text is : The runway length of the Bedford Aerodrome is 1095.0.
The generated text is : Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes was recorded in San Francisco in the time zone in San Francisco is Pacific Time with the Quine tapes were recorded in St. Louis, Missouri.
The generated text is : "It's Great to Be Young" (1956) was directed by Cyril Frankel and is 94 minutes long. The movie contains music composed by Louis Levy, and made a whopping 282,838 pounds at the box office.
The generated text is : Liselotte Grschebina (born May 2, 1980; died June 14, 1994, in Petah Tikva) attended the school of Applied Arts in Stuttgart.
The generated text is : The 17000 members club Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense has a full name of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense and trains in the Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca ground in Arapiraca. They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league, which counts among previous champions the Vila Nova Futebol Clube.
The generated text is : Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense plays in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league, has the nickname of Alvinegro and 17000 members.
The generated text is : The release date of the Fellowship of the Ring was July 29, 1954.
The generated text is : American Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th 1923. Shepard was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal from the Navy which ranks higher than Department of Commerce Gold Medal, he was the chief of the astronaut office in 1963 and he recently passed away in California.
The generated text is : Warner Music Group is the record label of the band Train.
The generated text is : Bedford Aerodrome operated by MotorSport Vision has the runway length of 1095.
The generated text is : The directors of Death on a Factory Farm are Tom Simon and Sarah Teale. The film’s music was written by Jamie Lawrence.
The generated text is : The movie Super Capers is an American film starring Tom Sizemore and Michael Rooker. The language in Great Britain is English and Sizemore started acting in 1989.
The generated text is : The ALCO RS-3, built by the American Locomotive Company between May 1950 and August 1956, has a cylinder count of 12.
The generated text is : Liselotte Grschebina was a photographer born in Karlsruhe. The postal code of Karlsruhe is 76131-76229.
The generated text is : John Lennon's "Imagine" is a song in the pop genre.
The generated text is : GMA New Media is a media company located in the Philippines that offers World Wide Web services.
The generated text is : Bionico, served at the dessert course, is a food made of sour cream found in Mexico. The currency in Mexico is the Mexican peso inhabited by the Mexicans.
The generated text is : 1634: The Bavarian Crisis's author, Eric Flint, was influenced by Robert A. Heinlein.
The generated text is : Bionico is a dessert containing raisins that can be found in Guadalajara, Mexico, which is inhabited by Mexicans and uses pesos as their currency and is led by Silvano Aureoles Conejo.
The generated text is : The ALCO RS-3 is 17068.8 (millimetres) in length. It was built by American Locomotive company. The total of 1418 locomotives were made and produced between May 1950 and August 1956.
The generated text is : The Acharya Institute of Technology, which is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University, is located at Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090 in the state of Karnataka.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter graduated from the University of Cambridge which is affiliated with the League of European Research Universities.
The generated text is : Ciudad Ayala is a part of Morelos.
The generated text is : Expect a Miracle, in the instrumental music genre, was followed by Afterplay by Brian Kelly.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter is a physicist known for the invention of the Carter constant and for proving the no-hair theorem. His professional field was on General Relativity.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudnikov is in the FC Terek Grozny club (based in Grozny) and managed by Rashid Rakhimov. He is a member of the youth side of FC Spartak Moscow and also plays for FC Amkar Perm.
The generated text is : The title for the leader of Turkey is President.
The generated text is : Chinese national Nie Haisheng participated in Shenzhou 6 and Shenzhou 10.
The generated text is : The album Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes created and produced by the Velvet Underground that lasts 230.05 minutes was recorded in St. Louis Missouri, the United States.
The generated text is : Abraham A. Ribicoff was married to Ruth Ribicoff and was in office at the same time as John F. Kennedy was president. He was a national of the United States where he was born and was succeeded by John N. Dempsey.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy was born in Turkey on January 1st, 1934.
The generated text is : The founding date of the German Empire is 1871-01-01.
The generated text is : Ciudad Ayala city had City manager as one of the leaders, has council-manager government with population of 1,777,539.
The generated text is : The artist and the producer of the Turn Me On album is the Honeymoon Killers which is in Punk blues genre.
The generated text is : Nie Haisheng was born on 10/13/1964, and he is a citizen of the People's Republic of China. He took part in the Shenzhou 10 mission and was a crew member on Shenzhou 6.
The generated text is : Aquilino Pimentel III and Rodrigo Duterte are leaders of the Philippines, which is the location of GMA New Media in the city of Quezon.
The generated text is : The University of Burgundy has 9400 post-graduate students.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson’s nationality is English.
The generated text is : Resadiye is the birth place of Nurhan Atasoy.
The generated text is : The operating organisation for Al Asad airbase, which has a runway length of 3992.88, is the United States Air Force.
The generated text is : India was founded on the 26th of January in 1950.
The generated text is : The reggae song Mermaid was written by the pop rock band Train.
The generated text is : The 1956 film “ It's Great to Be Young” cost £282,838 to produce and is 94 minutes in length. Louis Levy composed music for the film and Gilbert Taylor did the cinematography. The movie stars John Mills.
The generated text is : The runtime of the album Turn Me On is 35.1 minutes.
The generated text is : The ALCO RS-3 had a diesel-electric transmission, measured 17068.8 (millimetres) in length and was produced between May 1950 and August 1956.
The generated text is : Alan Shepard was an American who was born on November 18, 1923 in New Hampshire, went to school at NWC and graduated with an MA in 1957, was the Chief of the Astronaut Office in 1963, was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal in the United States Navy and died in California.
The generated text is : 1147 Stavropolis was discovered by Grigory Neujmin. Its apoapsis is 418476000000.0 and the orbital period of the asteroid is 1249.6 days.
The generated text is : The University of Burgundy is located in France with its campus in the city of Dijon.
The generated text is : The 1956 film 'It's great to Be Young' was written by Ted Willis, and edited by Max Benedict. The film stars Cecil Parker.
The generated text is : "Super Capers" is a 98 minute film distributed by Lionsgate and Roadside Attractions. It was directed by Ray Griggs.
The generated text is : The Fellowship of the Ring, written by J.R.R. Tolkien, was published on July 29, 1954.
The generated text is : Born on January 1, 1934, Nurhan Atasoy is Turk and resides in Istanbul.
The generated text is : The University of Burgundy has 27400 students and employs 2900 staff members.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter is known for the invention of the Carter constant and for proving the no-hair theorem.
The generated text is : "English Without Tears" was written by Terence Rattigan, who was born on New Years Day of 1911.
The generated text is : Trane has an operating income of 875.4 million USD.
The generated text is : The Year of No Light's album, Demo 2004, was released prior to the June, 6, 2006, release date of the band's album, Nord. An E-Vinyl record label production, the Year of No Light album, Nord, is 58.41 minutes long.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter is known for the Carter Constant.
The generated text is : John Lennon's "Imagine" has a FIMI certification.
The generated text is : Lou Reed is a former member of the band The Velvet Underground.
The generated text is : The album Nord from The Year of No Light was produced by the band then they followed it up with Live at Roadburn 2008 and after that "Karysun/Year of No Light" EP which was produced by Roadburn Festival.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy resides in Istanbul, Turkey, a country where Recep Tayyip Erdogan is one of the leaders along with Binali Yildirim.
The generated text is : Bedford Aerodrome serving Bedford Autodrome is at an elevation of 83.2104 above sea level and has runway called 08/26 with its length as 1095.0.
The generated text is : The Bedford Aerodrome in Thurleigh serving the Bedford Autodrome, operated by MotorSport Vision, has a runway named 08/26 that has the runway length of 1095. The ICAO location identifier for the Bedford Aerodrome is EGBF.
The generated text is : 16800 undergraduate students and 2900 staff members call the University of Burgundy home. The university, located in Dijon, has the postal code 21000.
The generated text is : The Train song Mermaid was written by Amund Bjørklund.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson was born in Darlington on January 1st,1726.
The generated text is : The leader of La Crosse, Wisconsin is a Mayor.
The generated text is : The Acharya Institute of Technology campus is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090 and it is affiliated to Visvesvaraya Technological University and its president is B.M. Reddy.
The generated text is : Alan Shepard's birth place was New Hampshire. He retired on the 1st of August 1974, and he died in California.
The generated text is : The BBC are located at Broadcasting House in London. They broadcast Bananaman which was shown for the first time on 03/10/1983.
The generated text is : Harry Carey was born in 1878 and starred in the movie, McVeagh of the South Seas. He wrote it as well and according to IMDb its ID is 0004319. The movie was produced by Progressive Motion Picture Company.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner is a black metal musician who played for Old Man Gloom. Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal.
The generated text is : Abraham A Ribicoff whose wife is Casey Ribicoff, was born in the the United States and died in New York City.
The generated text is : The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument, a Contributing Property, (established in 2000) is in the municipality of Gettysburg in the Adams County of Pennsylvania that is to the East of Franklin County. Carroll County, Maryland lies to the southeast of Adams County, Pennsylvania.
The generated text is : Wharton Tiers was born on January the 1st, 1953.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudnikov is 185.0 cm tall. He currently plays for FC Amkar Perm and previously played for FC Terek Grozny which is located in Grozny, as well as youth football for FC Spartak Moscow.
The generated text is : The University of Burgundy in Dijon, France has 27400 students and 9400 of them are postgraduate students.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva is an economist and one of the known professionals in the field of Mathematics.
The generated text is : Cyril Frankel directed the 1956 film It's Great to Be Young starring John Mills. Louis Levy composed music for this 94 minute movie which had Gilbert Taylor as its cinematographer and costed £282,838.
The generated text is : The Mason School Of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall, and the college of William and Mary is its owner.
The generated text is : Bananaman is the TV series starring Tim Brooke-Taylor. It was shown on the BBC and was created by Steve Bright.
The generated text is : The album Take It Off was followed by the EP titled 'Til Death Do Us Part and preceded by Turn Me On, produced by the Honeymoon Killers.
The generated text is : Bedford Aerodrome's International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) identifier is EGBF.
The generated text is : The leader of Karlsruhe is called the Oberbürgermeister.
The generated text is : The television director Cyril Frankel directed the 1956 film It’s Great to Be Young.
The generated text is : Alan Shepard (born in New Hampshire on 18, November, 1923) was selected by NASA in 1959 and died in California.
The generated text is : Ciudad Ayala is a part of Morelos in the country of Mexico. The population density of Ciudad Ayala is 1604.0 and the leader is called the governator.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudnikov is currently 185 cm tall, and plays for FC Amkar Perm which is based at Grozny. He is also on the FC Terek Grozny club which is managed by Gadzhi Gadzhiyev.
The generated text is : The song Mermaid by Train a reggae genre, was followed by the release of Imagine by John Lennon performed by Train.
The generated text is : Liselotte Grschebina lived from May 2nd, 1908 to June 14th, 1994. Grschebina attended the school of Applied Arts in Stuttgart.
The generated text is : Following the release of the Demo 2004 album, the Nord album was released which clocked in at 58 minutes and 41 seconds.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy was born on January 1st, 1934, in Turkey. He is a Turkish citizen and still resides there, in Tesvikiye. Atasoy is a recipient of the State Award for Superior Achievement.
The generated text is : Bill Oddie starred in Bananaman which was a creation of Steve Bright. It was broadcast by the BBC which has its headquarters at Broadcasting House in London.
The generated text is : The Year of No Light album Nord was released on the date 2006-09-06.
The generated text is : The College of William and Mary own the Alan B. Miller Hall which was completed on 1st June 2009 and was designed by Robert A.M. Stern. The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall which is located at 101 Ukrop Way.
The generated text is : George Allen & Unwin published The Fellowship of the Ring.
The generated text is : A monument to the 11th Mississippi Infantry was erected in 2000 in Adams County, Pennsylvania which has Pennsylvania's Cumberland County is to the north. The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is categorised as a contributing property.
The generated text is : The running time of the movie It's Great to be Young is 94 minutes.
The generated text is : The Train song Mermaid was released under the record labels of Sony Music Entertainment and Columbia Records.
The generated text is : John Mills had a spouse named Aileen Raymond.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva, also known as Olga Nikolaevna Bondareva, graduated from Leningrad State University. She was known for the Bondareva-Shapley Theorem and later died in Saint Petersburg.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva's alma mater is Leningrad State University.
The generated text is : The Train song Mermaid, which is an example of the reggae genre, was produced by the Espionage production team and released on 2012-12-27. It was written by band members Espen Lind and Amund Bjørklund and was preceded by the song This'll be my year. The song has a total runtime of three minutes and sixteen seconds. The band followed this up with their own cover of John Lennon’s Imagine.
The generated text is : ENAIRE, based in Madrid, is the operating organisation for Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport which is in Alcobendas. The airport has a runway that is 4349 metres long and it is 610 metres above sea level.
The generated text is : The University of Burgundy is located in the city of Dijon, France. The country's full name is "The French Republic" and one of its leaders is Claude Bartolone.
The generated text is : A former fighter pilot, Chinese national Nie Haisheng was born on October 13, 1964.
The generated text is : The movie 'Super Capers', released by Roadside Attractions, starred actor Adam West. Lionsgate served as a distributor for 'Super Capers'.
The generated text is : The Train song Mermaid belongs to the California 37 Train album.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva, who was born "Olga Nikolaevna Bondareva" on April 27th, 1937, died in Saint Petersburg.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter is known for his Doomsday argument.
The generated text is : Hypermarcas employs 10252 people and grosses 1.8 million dollars annually.
The generated text is : Lionsgate offers digital distribution service.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva, an economist that was a known professional in the field of mathematics, died on December 9, 1991.
The generated text is : Liselotte Grschebina was born in Karlsruhe and died in Israel.
The generated text is : Nie Haisheng was born in Hubei, Zaoyang, on the 13th of October, 1964. He is from the People's Republic of China.
The generated text is : Pontiac went extinct on 2010-10-31.
The generated text is : Noise rock is a fusion genre based on rock music.
The generated text is : The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in India in the city of Bangalore, a city which was founded by Kempe Gowda I, its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar and it was given 'Technical Campus' status by the All India Council for Technical Education which is located in Mumbai. The address of the campus is Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva resides in New Jersey, which is in the United States has a Vice President as a title for one of the leaders.
The generated text is : English Without Tears is a film with a running time of 89 minutes.
The generated text is : Completed on June 1st, 2009, Alan B Miller Hall's current tenants are the Mason School of Business.
The generated text is : One of the leaders of the country of Mexico is Roberto Gil Zuarth.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson was born in the Kingdom of England in Darlington on January 1, 1726 and died on February 18, 1776 after she worked in the field of Botany.
The generated text is : The campus of the University of Burgundy is located in Dijon.
The generated text is : Darlington has a grid reference of NZ289147.
The generated text is : Harry Carey, born in 1878, starred in the McVeagh of the South Seas film directed by Cyril Bruce.
The generated text is : 175.26 cm tall Piotr Hallmann is from the town of Gdynia in Poland. This town follows the Central European Summertime timezone.
The generated text is : The Year of No Light album Nord was followed by Year of No Light's album Live at Roadburn 2008.
The generated text is : The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is operated by ENAIRE in Alcobendas in the city of Madrid, and Alcobendas is located in Spain. The runway length of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is 3,500.
The generated text is : A monument to the 11th Mississippi Infantry was erected in 2000 in Adams County, Pennsylvania, which has Carroll County Maryland to the southeast and Pennsylvania's Cumberland County to the north. The monument is categorised as a contributing property.
The generated text is : Trane, located in Swords, Dublin, Leinster, is a company in the building materials industry, founded on 1913-01-01.
The generated text is : The Velvet Underground, a proto-punk band, released the album Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva is known for Stochastic programming.
The generated text is : Liselotte Grschebina lived from May 2nd, 1908 to June 14, 1994.
The generated text is : The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is in San Sebastián de los Reyes and is operated by ENAIRE. It has a runway length of 3500.
The generated text is : Karlsruhe has a total area of 173.46 square kilometres.
The generated text is : Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense has 17000 members, plays in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league and competed in the 2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Série C.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner is a Black metal musician who played for Old Man Gloom.
The generated text is : Punk blues' is the genre of the album Turn Me On and its origin is garage rock.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter (born in England) graduated from the University of Cambridge and studied in the field of general relativity. His doctoral advisor is Dennis William Sciama .
The generated text is : The University of Burgundy, Dijon, France, has 9400 post-graduate students.
The generated text is : Anatole de Grunwald wrote the film English without Tears which has a running time of 89 minutes.
The generated text is : Bananaman, which first aired on 3/10/1983, was created by Steve Bright.
The generated text is : Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes (released 10-16-2001) was preceded by the album Squeeze, which in turn was preceded by the album Andy Warhol's Velvet Underground Featuring Nico.
The generated text is : The ALCO RS-3, built by the American Locomotive Company, was produced between May 1950 and August 1956.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson was born in Darlington, Kingdom of England on the date January 1, 1726 and became the spouse of George Monson before her death on February 18th, 1776.
The generated text is : Grigory Neujmin born in Tbilisi discovered 1147 Stavropolis.
The generated text is : Born on April 27, 1937, Olga Bondareva (given name Olga Nikolaevna Bondareva), who died on the 9th of December 1991 in Saint Petersburg, is known for the Bondareva-Shapley theorem with the alma mater of Leningrad State University.
The generated text is : The Acharya Institute of Technology was given Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Technical Education which is based in Mumbai. The institutes director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar and offers Tennis as a sport, it is based in Bangalore a city which was founded by Kempe Gowda I. The full address for the campus is Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090.
The generated text is : Alan Jaggs was the editor and Nicholas Brodszky was the composer in a 89 minute film called 'English Without Tears.'
The generated text is : Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, India.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson, a British national, lived in England but spent most of her life in India. She died on the 18th of February 1776.
The generated text is : Nicholas Brodszky was a non-performing staff.
The generated text is : The University of Burgundy, located in Dijon, has 27400 students and 1299 doctoral students.
The generated text is : 1147 Stavropolis is an asteroid discovered on June 11th, 1929. It has an apoapsis of 418476000000.0 and an absolute magnitude of 11.5. The rotation period of 1147 Stavropolis is 20,378.5.
The generated text is : The John Lennon song Imagine is preceded by the song Power to the People.
The generated text is : The Bedford Aerodrome runway surface is made out of concrete.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter, whose doctoral advisor was Dennis William Sciama, is known for the invention of the Carter constant.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva, a mathematician working in the field of mathematical optimization, is a U.S. citizen who was born on January 1, 1958.
The generated text is : The architect of Alan B Miller Hall, situated in Williamsburg, Virginia, is Robert A M Stern. The Mason School of Business are the current tenants, however the Hall is actually owned by The College of William and Mary.
The generated text is : The film Super Capers starred Tom Sizemore and Michael Rooker and was edited by Stacy Katzman.
The generated text is : The Train song Mermaid written by Amund Bjørklund and Espen Lind with runtime of 3.16 minutes was released on 27th December 2012. It was preceded by the song This'll Be My Year and was followed by the release of Imagine by John Lennon performed by Train.
The generated text is : Montreal Locomotive Works is the builder of the ALCO RS-3, which was produced between May 1950 and August 1956. Its length is 17068.8 millimetres.
The generated text is : AmeriGas which was founded on 1959-01-01, currently has 8500 employees.
The generated text is : Alan Shepard was born on Nov 18, 1923 in New Hampshire and was a test pilot who died in California.
The generated text is : The Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes, which has a runtime of 230.05 minutes, was recorded under Universal Music Group and released on 10-16-2001 under their Polydor Records label.
The generated text is : The Bedford Aerodrome is located in Thurleigh.
The generated text is : Harold French and directed the 89 minutes film English Without Tears which was edited by Alan Jaggs and released on July 28, 1944. The songs of the movies was composed by Nicholas Brodszky.
The generated text is : At one time, the United States Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare was a man called Abraham A. Ribicoff who was born in the USA where African Americans are an ethnic group. Abraham was married to Ruth Ribicoff.
The generated text is : The Fellowship of the Ring was written by J.R.R . Tolkien; George Allen & Unwin published it.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Chinabank is a banking service company with 295 locations. Founded on August 16, 1920, Chinabank has a net income of $15,100,000,000.
The generated text is : Liselotte Grschebina was born in the German Empire on May 2nd, 1908. She is an Israeli national.
The generated text is : Liselotte Grschebina was born in the German Empire. She did her studies at the School of Applied Arts in Stuttgart and died in Petah Tikva.
The generated text is : The current leader of Saint Petersburg is Georgy Poltavchenko.
The generated text is : Tom Simon produced the film named Death on a Factory Farm.
The generated text is : Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes was recorded in St. Louis, Missouri and San Francisco, which has a 628 area code.
The generated text is : Hypermarcas, a type of S.A. corporation in the pharmaceutical industry, is located in Brazil. Hypermarcas makes drugs under the direction of their CEO, the key person.
The generated text is : The long name of the country of Turkey is "Republic of Turkey".
The generated text is : Lionsgate is located in the US.
The generated text is : DeMarce short stories in the Grantville Gazettes preceded 1634: The Bavarian Crisis. Its authors are Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint.
The generated text is : The dessert called Bionico can be found in Guadalajara, Mexico.
The generated text is : Chinabank, with locations in the Philippines, is a publicly traded company with 295 banking centers.
The generated text is : Bill Oddie born in Rochdale, starred in Bananaman which was created by Steve Bright and broadcasted by BBC the Broadcasting House based in London.
The generated text is : Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's full name is "Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense", and they have 17000 members, play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league, which is from Brazil.
The generated text is : Liselotte Grschebina, born in Karlsruhe in the German Empire on 1908-05-02, is of Israeli nationality. She died on the 14th of June, 1994 in Israel.
The generated text is : Alan B. Miller Hall, located in Virginia, was completed on June 1st, 2009.
The generated text is : 1147 Stavropolis discovered on June 11, 1929 has an apoapsis of 418476000000.0 and an absolute magnitude of 11.5.
The generated text is : Piotr Hallmann was born in Gdynia, Poland on August 25, 1987.
The generated text is : The formal name for France is the French Republic.
The generated text is : Bionico (a dish served for dessert) is a food that contains raisins found in Mexico. The currency in Mexico is the peso inhabited by Mexicans.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudnikov is in the FC Terek Grozny club and he is a member of the youth side of FC Spartak Moscow. His height is 185 cm.
The generated text is : Super Capers is a 98-minute English-language film starring Michael Rooker and Tom Sizemore.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva a United States citizen (born on January 1, 1958) developed a theory influenced by Andrzej Piotr Ruszczyński. She worked as a mathematician in the field of mathematical optimization.
The generated text is : The Train song Mermaid was written by Pat Monahan.
The generated text is : The post metal genre album, Nord, by the band, Year of No Light, was released on June, 9, 2006. The Year of No Light's album, Nord has been released both by the record label, Crucial blast and by the E-Vinyl record label.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudnikov played for FC Spartak Moscow's youth team and currently plays for FC Terek Grozny. His current club is FC Amkar Perm, which is managed by Gadzhi Gadzhiyev.
The generated text is : The University of Burgundy has 9400 postgraduate students attending and employs 2900 staff members.
The generated text is : The construction of the Alan B. Miller Hall lasted from March 30th, 2007 until June 1st, 2009. Robert A. M. Stern designed the building, which is located at 101 Ukrop Way. The current tenant is the Mason School of Business, located in the United States.
The generated text is : Death on a Factory Farm was edited by Geof Bartz.
The generated text is : Death on a Factory Farm has a running time of 83.0.
The generated text is : Baroque pop is a fusion genre of pop rock.
The generated text is : Harry Carey, born in 1878, both directed and had a role in McVeagh of the South Seas. The film was also directed by Cyril Bruce.
The generated text is : Liselotte Grschebina was born on May 2, 1908.
The generated text is : GMA New Media is a maker of mobile applications in the entertainment industry. Their industry is mass media, and they are headed up by Felipe Gozon. They were founded in the Philippines on January 1, 2000, and are located inside GMA Network Center.
The generated text is : The University of Burgundy Campus is located in the city of Dijon.
The generated text is : 1634: The Bavarian Crisis, written by Eric Flint, is in English.
The generated text is : The periapsis of 1147 Stavropolis is 260855000000.0.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner from the band Twilight started performing in 1995.
The generated text is : The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated to Visvesvaraya Technological University which is located in the city of Belgaum. The All India Council for Technical Education which is located in Mumbai gave the institute Technical Campus status. The address for the campus is: Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva, an economist whose birth date is April 27, 1937, is one of the known professionals in the field of Mathematics.
The generated text is : Karlsruhe is 115 meters above sea level.
The generated text is : The postal code of Dijon is 21000.
The generated text is : Led by a governator, the city of Ciudad Ayala is a part of the state of Morelos. Its UTC offset is -6 and it is run by a council-manager government.
The generated text is : Ciudad Ayala is a city that has a population density of 1604 and a UTC offset of -6. Ciudad Ayala has a leader called the Governator.
The generated text is : The stylistic origin of sludge metal, such as the Year of No Light album Nord, is hardcore punk.
The generated text is : The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument, established in the year 2000, falls under the category of contributing property and is located in Adams County Pennsylvania which is East of Franklin County, Pennsylvania. Adams County also has Cumberland County, Pennsylvania to its north.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter whose birth place was England, graduated from the University of Cambridge with Leszek Borysiewicz as its current Chancellor. David Sainsbury also called as Baron Sainsbury of Turville was once a chancellor of the University of Cambridge.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy, of Turkish nationality, lives in Istanbul, Turkey. In Turkey, the capital of which is Ankara, some define the religion as irreligion.
The generated text is : Singer Aaron Turner played with the band Twilight, which plays black metal music.
The generated text is : The film Super Capers grossed $30,955.
The generated text is : The noise rock punk blues album by the Honeymoon Killers is titled Turn Me On.
The generated text is : Designed by Robert A.M. Stern, with construction beginning March 30, 2007, Alan B. Miller Hall is located at 101 Ukrop Way in Virginia, is owned by the College of William and Mary, and currently houses the Mason School of Business as tenants.
The generated text is : Born in New Hampshire (home of the purple finch), Alan Shepard died in California.
The generated text is : Super Capers is a movie in English.
The generated text is : Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu member, Abdul Taib Mahmud lives in Sarawak.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy, who won the State Award for Superior Achievement, was born in Reşadiye and mainly lived in Tesvikiye.
The generated text is : Louis Levy is the music composer of It's Great to Be Young (1956 film).
The generated text is : Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes was recorded in the United States.
The generated text is : Felipe Gozon is a key person at the mass media and entertainment company GMA New Media.
The generated text is : The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the state of Karnataka in the city of Bangalore.
The generated text is : Bionico is a dish served for dessert found in Mexico. A variation on dessert is cake.
The generated text is : MotorSport Vision is based in the city of Longfield and the city of Kent, UK. MotorSport Vision operates the Bedford Aerodrome, which is located in Thurleigh, and had a runway length of 1095.
The generated text is : The industry in which Lionsgate operates is the entertainment.
The generated text is : The main ingredients of Bionico (a dish served for dessert) are chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins, bionico is a food found in Mexico. The currency in Mexico is the Mexican peso, and the country is inhabited by the Mexicans. Sandesh is a nice confectionery dessert.
The generated text is : The TV series, Bananaman, first aired on October 3, 1983 on BBC. Its last aired show was on April 15, 1986. BBC, which aired the series, has headquarters that is called Broadcasting House.
The generated text is : Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is the ground for Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca. Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca from Arapiraca and their team Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league from Brazil competed in the 2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Série C.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on February 24, 1989 and plays for the FC Amkar Perm and is in the FC Terek Grozny club which is based at Grozny. He is also a member of the youth side of FC Spartak Moscow.
The generated text is : Expect A Miracle is a genre of instrumental music that was preceded by the Brian Kelly album Pools of Light and followed by the Afterplay album.
The generated text is : Monarch is a band associated with Year of No Light.
The generated text is : The architect of the Alan B Miller Hall at 101 Ukrop Way in Virginia, USA, is Robert A M Stern. The current occupants of the hall, which is owned by The College of William and Mary, are The Mason School of Business and it began construction on the 30th of March, 2007.
The generated text is : John Mills had a daughter named Juliet Mills.
The generated text is : English Without Tears is a, 89 minute movie written and produced by Anatole de Grunwald. Alan Jaggs was the editor and Bernard Knowles was the cinematographer.
The generated text is : Phil Spector was the producer of the John Lennon classic Imagine.
The generated text is : Acharya Institute of Technology, established in 2000 and affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University, is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, in Bangalore – 560090.
The generated text is : Brian Kelly, a composer & pianist, produced the easy listening album, Expect a Miracle.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy, a Turkish national, was born in Reşadiye, Turkey. The total area of Turkey is 783,356 sq/km.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter was born in England on January 1, 1942. He is best known for his work with the Doomsday argument. Brandon Carter studied at the University of Cambridge where his doctoral advisor was Dennis William Sciama.
The generated text is : The stylistic origin of punk blues is garage rock.
The generated text is : Ciudad Ayala is a city with a population density of 1604.0 and a council-manager government.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter (born on January 1, 1942 in England) is known for proving the no-hair theorem.
The generated text is : Expect a Miracle was produced by Brian Kelly which runs 54.56 minutes, recorded by the artist Brian Kelly. It is preceded by the Brian Kelly album Pools of Light.
The generated text is : "English Without Tears" features cinematography by Bernard Knowles. It was produced and written by Anatole de Grunwald.
The generated text is : The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport in Madrid operated by ENAIRE has a runway length of 3,500. It has an elevation of 610.0 metres above sea level.
The generated text is : The Pontiac Rageous was a car manufactured by Pontiac.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter was born January 1, 1942, and attended the University of Cambridge.
The generated text is : Liselotte Grschebina was an Israeli who died in Petah Tikva, Israel which has a population density of 387.63 people per square kilometre of land area and is named "State of Israel."
The generated text is : Liselotte Grschebina died on June 14, 1994 and was born on on May 2nd, 1908 in the German Empire which has the national anthem of Das Lied der Deutschen and Die Wacht am Rhein.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva's date of birth is April 27, 1937.
The generated text is : Lionsgate provides the service of broadcast programming.
The generated text is : Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar is the director of the Acharya Institute of Technology which is based in Bangalore. The All India Council for Technical Education which is located in Mumbai gave the institute Technical Campus status. The address for the campus is: Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy, whose birth date is 1934-01-01 is a Turkish citizen and has a residence in Istanbul.
The generated text is : Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of Mexico where you can find the fantastic dessert they call Bionico.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy lives in Istanbul, where the leader is called a Mayor.
The generated text is : Brian Kelly's discography consists of Pools of Light, Expect A Miracle, and Afterplay, in that order.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter, a professional in the field of general relativity, was born in England and is best known for his work on the Carter constant and the No-hair theorem under his doctoral advisor, Dennis William Sciama.
The generated text is : The Year of No Light album Nord is in the post-metal genre.
The generated text is : The Bootleg Series Volume I: The Quine Tapes is preceded by the Velvet Underground album Squeeze.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy was born on January 1, 1934 in Turkey. He is a citizen of Turkey and one of his residence is located in Istanbul.
The generated text is : Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense has 17000 members, plays at the ground of Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca and plays in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league, which The Vila Nova Futebol Clube were champions of.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy, a recipient of the State Award for Superior Achievement, was born in Reşadiye.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson’s professional field is Botany.
The generated text is : GMA Network is a Public Company.
The generated text is : The city of Dijon, at 245 above sea level, is home to the University of Burgundy and its 27400 students.
The generated text is : J. R. R. Tolkien writes in the fantasy genre. His The Fellowship of the Ring was published by George Allen & Unwin. Next The Two Towers followed.
The generated text is : Lionsgate, the distributor of Super Capers offers broadcast programming and digital distribution services. The movie was also distributed by Roadside Attractions.
The generated text is : The campus address for the Acharya Institute of Technology is: Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090, in India. The Institute was established in 2000 and the current director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar. The status of Technical Campus was given to the Institute by All India Council for Technical Education, which is located in Mumbai.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva is a professional in the field of mathematical optimization and known for Stochastic programming. She was born on January 1, 1958 and graduated from Humboldt University.
The generated text is : Bionico (made with granola) is a food found in Guadalajara in Mexico. The currency of Mexico is the peso inhabited by Mexicans.
The generated text is : Alan B. Miller Hall was architected by Robert A.M. Stern and is owned by The College of William Mary and home to The Mason School of Business.
The generated text is : The film English Without Tears, which was released on July 28, 1944, has a running time of 89 minutes. The film was composed by Nicholas Brodszky, directed by Harold French, edited by Alan Jaggs, and was written and produced by Anatole de Grunwald.
The generated text is : The motto of the United States is "In God We Trust."
The generated text is : The Year of No Light album Nord, released on the date 2006-09-06, is in the sludge and post-metal genre.
The generated text is : The Velvet Underground album Squeeze was followed by the rock album, The Bootleg Series Volume I: The Quine Tapes.
The generated text is : The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport in Alcobendas is operated by ENAIRE which is based in the city of Madrid. The airport has an elevation of 610 metres above sea level and has a runway named 14L/32R.
The generated text is : Alan Shepard (birth place, New Hampshire),went to school at NWC and graduated with an MA in 1957.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva, born as Olga Nikolaevna Bondareva, was born in Leningrad, USSR on April 27, 1937.
The generated text is : The birth date of Darinka Dentcheva is January 1, 1958.
The generated text is : Trane, located in Ireland, was founded on 1913-01-01 in La Crosse, Wisconsin. Trane's industry is building materials.
The generated text is : The key person in Hypermarcas is the CEO.
The generated text is : Harold French was the director of the film English Without Tears.
The generated text is : Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's club has 17000 members and they play at the Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca which is located in Arapiraca. The team plays in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league and played in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C in 2015.
The generated text is : Ciudad Ayala is a part of Morelos and located in the country of Mexico. The population density of Ciudad Ayala is 1604.0 and the population of the metropolitan area if 1,777,539. The elevation above the sea level for Ciudad Ayala is 1147.0 and the time zone is Pacific Daylight Time.
The generated text is : English Without Tears was released July 28, 1944 and runs 89 minutes long. It was directed by Harold French, edited by Alan Jaggs and produced by Anatole de Grunwald. The songs used in the film were composed by Nicholas Brodszky.
The generated text is : Anatole de Grunwald wrote and produced English Without Tears which was edited by Alan Jaggs and had Bernard Knowles as the cinematographer. Nicholas Brodszky composed the music of the movie.
The generated text is : Chinabank was founded in Manila, which is governed by the City Council.
The generated text is : Alan Shepard was an American born in New Hampshire on Nov 18, 1923. He died in California.
The generated text is : Hypermarcas, a Brazilian pharmaceutical company, was founded on Jan 01, 2001 and had a net income of 108,600,000. It is headed by its CEO.
The generated text is : 2900 University of Burgundy staff members support 27400 students, of whom 16800 are undergraduates, 9400 are postgraduates and 1299 are doctoral.
The generated text is : ENAIRE is the operating organisation for Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport. This Madrid airport is situated 610 meters above sea level.
The generated text is : The area code of San Francisco is 628.
The generated text is : The author of The Fellowship of the Ring is J.R.R. Tolkien. This book was followed by the Two Towers and was published by George Allen &Unwin.
The generated text is : Cecil Parker, who was born in 1897, starred in the 1956 movie It's Great to Be Young.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva, known for the Bondareva-Shapley theorem, was born on April 27th, 1937 and died in Saint Petersburg.
The generated text is : Petah Tikva means ‘Opening of Hope’ in Hebrew.
The generated text is : Expect a Miracle was followed by Brian Kelly's Afterplay album.
The generated text is : The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania which is in United States.
The generated text is : The University of Burgundy is located in Dijon. The school employs 2900 staff members and currently serves 1299 doctoral students.
The generated text is : The album Let It Breed was preceded by the release of the Love American Style album.
The generated text is : The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument, located in the municipality of Gettysburg in Adams County Pennsylvania, United States, which is just east of Franklin County, and northwest of Carroll County, Maryland, is categorized as a contributing property, erected in 2000.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva was born on January 1, 1958 and is a citizen of the United States (total area 9833520000000). She developed a theory influenced by Andrzej Piotr Ruszczyński.
The generated text is : Reşadiye is located in the country of Turkey.
The generated text is : One of the key people in Lionsgate is Jon Feltheimer.
The generated text is : Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18, 1923, but died in California.
The generated text is : The Pontiac Rageous was a car with a coupe body style which was last produced in 1997 in Michigan.
The generated text is : The city of Bangalore, in Karnataka state, India, was founded by Kempe Gowda I, and is home to the Acharya Institute of Technology, a campus located at Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090, directed by Dr. G.P. Prabhukumar, and proudly designated a Technical Campus by the All India Council for Technical Education of Mumbai.
The generated text is : Alan Shepard was an American, born November 18th, 1923 in New Hampshire and he died in California. He graduated from NWC with an M.A. in 1957 and was the Chief of the Astronaut Office in 1963.
The generated text is : The Bootleg Series Volume I: The Quine Tapes created and produced by the Velvet Underground with runtime of 230:05 was recorded under the Polydor Records and Universal Music Group record labels. The Rock music genre album was preceded by Squeeze by The Velvet Underground.
The generated text is : Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil. The club currently has 17000 members.Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca is the name of the ground of the team.
The generated text is : Liselotte Grschebina was born in Karlsruhe on May 2nd, 1908 and died on June 14th, 1994.
The generated text is : The death place of Max Benedict was London.
The generated text is : Istanbul is in the Eastern European Time Zone.
The generated text is : The Fellowship of the Ring, written by J.R.R. Tolkien, was published on July 29, 1954. It was followed by The Two Towers.
The generated text is : Located in Thurleigh and identified by EGBF, the Bedford Aerodrome is 83.2 meters above sea level and serves the Bedford Autodrome.
The generated text is : An Apollo 11 crew member, Buzz Aldrin, was born on January 20, 1930.
The generated text is : Born in the UK, Cyril Frankel directed the movie It's Great to Be Young.
The generated text is : Super Capers was distributed by Lionsgate but, directed by Ray Griggs. Michael Rooker played in the movie as well. Michael R Burns and Jon Feltheimer are key people of Lionsgate.
The generated text is : The album Turn Me On is followed by the album Take It Off!
The generated text is : "English Without Tears" was produced by Anatole de Grunwald, who was born on December 25th 1910.
The generated text is : Andrew Rayel, a performer in the genre of Trance music, is associated with the musical artist, Bobina.
The generated text is : The album entitled Nord, by the group Year of No Light, was released on the Crucial Blast label.
The generated text is : 1147 Stavropolis, discovered by Grigory Neujmin on June 11, 1929, has an absolute magnitude of absolute magnitude of 11.5.
The generated text is : Liselotte Grschebina was born on May 2nd, 1908 and died in Israel.
The generated text is : Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, also known as Alvinegro, play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudnikov played for FC Spartak Moscow's youth team and currently plays for FC Terek Grozny. FC Terek Grozny's ground is at Grozny.
The generated text is : Alan Shepard (died in,California),went to school at NWC and graduated with an MA in 1957.
The generated text is : Bedford Aerodrome has a runway named 08/26 that has a length of 1095.0 and is located 83.2104 above sea level.
The generated text is : Liselotte Grschebina is an Israeli national who was born in Karlsruhe on May 2, 1908 and died in Israel on June 14, 1994.
The generated text is : Ciudad Ayala is a city in Mexico, whose leader has the official title of President of the Senate.
The generated text is : The city of Ciudad Ayala has a UTC offset of -6 and a population density of 1604. Its population is 1777539 and it is governed by a council-manager.
The generated text is : Humboldt University is the alma mater of Darinka Dentcheva.
The generated text is : Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense has 17000 members and is playing in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league from Brazil. Their stadium is the Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Arapiraca.
The generated text is : Super Capers was edited by Stacy Katzman, and its budget was 2000000. It was written and directed by Ray Griggs, and it had a running time of 98 minutes. The film collected $30955.0.
The generated text is : Louis Levy, who was born in England, is the music composer of It's Great to Be Young (1956 film).
The generated text is : No longer a youth, when he played football for the FC Spartak Moscow youth team in the Otkrytiye Arena, Aleksandr Prudnikov now plays for the FC Amkar Perm football club, managed by Gadzhi Gadzhiyev.
The generated text is : Alan Shepard was an American, born on November 18, 1923 in New Hampshire. He was selected by NASA in 1959, and was the Chief of the Astronaut Office in 1963. The United States Navy awarded him the Distinguished Service Medal. He died in California.
The generated text is : The song Mermaid by Train (produced by the production team Espionage) was followed by the release of Imagine by John Lennon (which was produced by Phil Spector) performed by Train.
The generated text is : Bedford Aerodrome is at an elevation of 83.2104 above sea level with a runway length of 1095.0.
The generated text is : The Bootleg Series Volume I: The Quine Tapes by The Velvet Underground was released by the record label Universal Music Group whose parent company is Vivendi. Lou Reed is a former member of the band The Velvet Underground.
The generated text is : The population of the metropolitan area of Ciudad Ayala is 1,777,539 with a density of 1604.0.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy was born on January 1st, 1934, in Turkey. He is both of Turkish nationality and a Turkish citizen. Atasoy currently lives in Turkey. One of his residences was in Istanbul.
The generated text is : The Fellowship of the Ring, a fantasy novel by J.R.R. Tolkien, was published by George Allen & Unwin.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy's was born in Turkey whose total area is 783,356 sq/km.
The generated text is : Harry Carey, born in 1878, wrote and directed McVeagh of the South Seas. Cyril Bruce was also a director, while the movie was produced by the Progressive Motion Picture Company and distributed by Alliance Films Corporation.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva who was born on April 27, 1937 in Leningrad, USSR, died in Saint Petersburg which was founded on May 27, 1703.
The generated text is : Ciudad Ayala in Morelos is in Mexico.
The generated text is : The song Mermaid by Train was preceded by the song This'll Be My Year and followed by the release of Imagine by John Lennon performed by Train and then by Happy Xmas (War Is Over).
The generated text is : Expect a Miracle's runtime is 54.56.
The generated text is : Saint Petersburg (founded on 1703-05-27) is where Olga Bondareva was a governor and where died.
The generated text is : The Year of No Light produced album Nord, which is in the sludge metal genre.
The generated text is : The Pontiac Rageous was only produced in the year 1997.
The generated text is : Super Capers starred Michael Rooker.
The generated text is : Liselotte Grschebina was born 1908-05-02 in Karlsruhe (lead by Oberbürgermeister) within the German Empire.
The generated text is : Super Capers, starring Justin Whalin, is a film written by Ray Griggs.
The generated text is : In Ciudad Ayala the leader is called the governator.
The generated text is : The unitary state of France is home of the University of Burgundy. The university is located in the city of Dijon.
The generated text is : The campus of the Acharya Institute of Technology, designated as a 'Technical Campus' by then All India Council for Technical Education of Mumbai, was established in the year 2000. It is directed by Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar and may be found at Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.
The generated text is : The 1956 film "It's Great to Be Young" (1956) stars John Mills and Cecil Parker for 94 minutes in Gilbert Taylor's cinematography. Cyril Frankel directed the film, which cost $282,838.
The generated text is : The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner has been dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku.
The generated text is : The Pontiac Rageous has a coupe body style.
The generated text is : The Hobbit, which came before The Fellowship of the Ring, falls into the genres of high fantasy and juvenile fantasy. The Fellowship of the Ring, which was followed by The Two Towers, was written by J.R.R. Tolkien.
The generated text is : Expect A Miracle, a compilation album recorded and produced by the artist, Brian Kelly, has a runtime of 54:56. This album was preceded by the Brian Kelly album, Pools of Light. Expect A Miracle was follow by the album, Afterplay.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva lives in New Jersey, USA and studied at Humboldt University.
The generated text is : La Crosse, Wisconsin is 204 meters above sea level.
The generated text is : Carroll County Maryland is southeast of Adams County Pennsylvania, USA, the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument which is categorised as a contributing property. The monument was erected in the year 2000.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : The film English Without Tears, released July 28, 1944, was edited by Alan Jaggs. The music heard in the movie was composed by Nicholas Brodszky. The movie runs for 89 minutes.
The generated text is : The University of Burgundy in France has 9400 postgraduate students.
The generated text is : Abraham A. Ribicoff was married to Ruth Ribicoff and was in office at the same time as John F. Kennedy was president. He was a citizen of the USA and was succeeded by John N. Dempsey in his office of the United States Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare.
The generated text is : Abraham A.Ribicoff (born in Connecticut) is from the United States. His wife is Casey Ribicoff.
The generated text is : Sandesh and Bionico are two desserts, the latter is found in Guadalajara, Mexico and made of chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins, which can be purchased by Mexicans, people living in Mexico, with the Mexican peso, the local currency.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva, born Olga Nikolaevna Bondareva, graduated from Leningrad State University and worked in economics. She died on 9 December 1991 in Saint Petersburg.
The generated text is : Ciudad Ayala's time zone is Pacific Daylight Time.
The generated text is : Bionico is a food found in Mexico. Peso is the Mexican currency. Bionico is a dish served for dessert, from the Guadalajara region.
The generated text is : The UTC offset of Ciudad Ayala is -6, its time zone is Pacific Daylight Time and the Pacific Standard Time Zone.
The generated text is : The currency in Mexico is a peso and is used by the Mexicans, people from Mexico. Bionico is a dish of food for dessert and is also a region in Guadalajara. The leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo.
The generated text is : Buzz Aldrin, an American, was a crew member of Apollo 11.
The generated text is : English Without Tears was produced by Anatole de Grunwald, film editor Alan Jaggs and cinematographer Bernard Knowles.
The generated text is : ALCO RS-3, which is 17068.8 millimetres long, has a four-stroke engine and a diesel-electric transmission.
The generated text is : The Bedford Aerodrome, in Thurleigh, serves the Bedford Autodrome.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva was into field and people such as Mathematical optimization and was influenced by Andrzej Piotr Ruszczynski.
The generated text is : Pontiac's parent company is General Motors.
The generated text is : The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument's location is in Adams County, Pennsylvania, in the municipality of Gettysburg. The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument falls under the category of Contributing property and it is in the United States of America.
The generated text is : The Bootleg Series Volume I: The Quine Tapes are released in 2001-10-16.
The generated text is : The American Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire in 1923 and died in California, having been awarded the Distinguished Service Medal whilst in the United States Navy. His native state boasts the Purple Finch as a local bird.
The generated text is : Alan Shepard (born on November 18, 1923 in New Hampshire) was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal in the United Stated Navy later died in California.
The generated text is : The campus address for the Acharya Institute of Technology is: Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090, in Karnataka state. All India Council for Technical Education, located in Mumbai, awarded the Institute with the status of Technical Campus. The Institute's director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar.
The generated text is : The Pontiac Rageous was first made in 1997 and assembled in Michigan.
The generated text is : MotorSport Vision is the operating organization for the Bedford Aerodrome which has a runway length of 1095 and its ICAO location identifier is EGBF.
The generated text is : Republic of India is the long name of India.
The generated text is : On April 15 1986 The BBC, headquartered in Broadcasting house, aired the last episode of a tv series called Bananaman created by John Geering and starring Bill Oddie.
The generated text is : Zaoyang has a UTC offset of +8.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva resides in New Jersey, USA. Her alma mater was Humboldt University. Darinka is known for stochastic programming and was influenced by Andrzej Piotr Ruszczynski.
The generated text is : Located at Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, the campus of the Acharya Institute of Technology is in the state of Karnataka. The institute is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. It was given Technical Campus status by the Mumbai based All India Council for Technical Education.
The generated text is : Motorsport vision was founded in 2004.
The generated text is : Max Benedict started his professional activities from the year 1947.
The generated text is : John Mills is Mary Hayley Bell's spouse.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva was a mathematical optimization professional, and known for Stochastic programming.
The generated text is : The Acharya Institute of Technology is run by its director Dr. G.P. Prabhukumar, it has 700 post graduate students and is based in Bangalore a city founded by Kempe Gowda I. It was granted Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Technical Education which is located in Mumbai. The address for the campus is Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090.
The generated text is : Trane was founded in La Crosse, Wisconsin, bringing in a net income of $556,300,000 but an operating income of $875,400,000.
The generated text is : Bionico (made from Granola) is a food from the region Jalisco in Mexico. The currency in Mexico is the Mexican peso inhabited by the Mexicans.
The generated text is : Bionico is a dessert found in Mexico which is led by Enrique Pena Nieto.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson died on 1776-02-18.
The generated text is : Graeme Garden starred in the TV show Bananaman, which was created by Steve Bright and shown on the BBC which is a broadcaster based at Broadcasting House in London.
The generated text is : The University of Burgundy is located in Dijon, France.
The generated text is : The All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai proudly bestowed its Technical Campus status to the Acharya Institute of Technology, directed by Dr. G. Prabhukumar. This institute is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University, and located at the campus address of Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090, India.
The generated text is : The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall at 101 Ukrop Way, which was designed by Robert A M Stern and is situated in Virginia. The building is owned by The College of William and Mary whose chancellor is Robert Gates. The building began construction on 30/03/2007.
The generated text is : Justin Whalin is born in San Francisco.
The generated text is : The song Mermaid, on Columbia records, under the Sony Music Entertainment record label, was written by the band Train and has a total runtime of three minutes and sixteen seconds.
The generated text is : The University of Burgundy in Dijon, France has 2900 staff members that educate 16800 undergraduate students, 1299 doctoral students, and 9400 postgraduate students, a total of 27400 student combined.
The generated text is : The University of Burgundy campus is located in Dijon and has 1299 doctoral students.
The generated text is : J.R.R. Tolkien is the author of The Fellowship of the Ring and The Two Towers, which was published George Allen and Unwin.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva, a United States citizen, was born on January 1, 1958.
The generated text is : Crucial Blast record label released Year of No Light's post metal album titled Nord.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson (died on February 18th, 1776) was the spouse of George Monson and resided in India for most of her life.
The generated text is : The 35 minutes 10 seconds album Turn Me On was preceded by the album Let It Breed.
The generated text is : Morelos is led by the Governor.
The generated text is : Piotr Hallmann was born in Gdynia, Poland, which has a mayor as one of its leaders.
The generated text is : Bionico is a dessert found in the region of Jalisco.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner is an American post-metal musician who has played electric guitar with the band Lotus Eaters. He started performing in 1995.
The generated text is : Hypermarcas, a type of S.A corporation, is located in Sao Paulo, Brazil. It employs 10252 people, has a net income of 108,600,000, and has a subsidiary called Mantecorp.
The generated text is : It's Great to be Young is a film starring John Mills and Cecil Parker that was released in 1956. Mills was married to Mary Hayley Bell and Aileen Raymond.
The generated text is : Liselotte Grschebina was born on May 2nd, 1908 and attended the school of Applied Arts in Stuttgart. She is of Israeli nationality.
The generated text is : The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is placed in the municipality of Gettysburg in Pennsylvania, in Adams County and it is categorized as a Contributing Property. North of Adams County is Cumberland county, Pennsylvania.
The generated text is : The punk blues band The Honeymoon Killers made the album Turn Me On.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter, a professional in the field of general relativity who learned from Dennis William Sciama, was born on January 1st, 1942.
The generated text is : Expect a Miracle is a compilation album produced by Brian Kelly with a runtime of 54.56 minutes.
The generated text is : It's Great to Be Young (included in Gilbert Taylor's cinematography) debuted in 1956, was directed by Cyril Frankel. Cecil Parker starred in the 94 minute movie musically composed by Louis Levy.
The generated text is : The film "It's Great to Be Young" was composed by Louis Levy and edited by Max Benedict. The cinematographer is Gilbert Taylor.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Amkar Perm and is a member of the youth side of FC Spartak Moscow. He is 185 cm. tall and was born on February 24th, 1989.
The generated text is : The currency of Mexico, where the local people are called Mexicans, is the peso and the name of the leader of Mexico is Silvano Aureoles Conejo. Bionico is a dessert which can be found in Guadalajara there and granola is one of the ingredients of this food.
The generated text is : Bootleg Series Volume I: The Quine Tapes was recorded in the rock genre by Polydor Records.
The generated text is : The Bedford Aerodrome, operated by the MotorSport Vision, is located 83.2 meters above sea level at ICAO location identifier EGBF. It has a concrete runway named "08/26".
The generated text is : A chancellor of the University of Cambridge is David Sainsbury, who is also known as Baron Sainsbury of Turville.
The generated text is : The author of the Two Towers is J.R.R Tolkien.
The generated text is : Bananaman, first aired on 3rd October 1983, was broadcast by the BBC.
The generated text is : Ciudad Ayala, with a population density of 1604 and a UTC offset of -6, is a city in Mexico, the government of which has a leader position titled the President of the Chamber of Deputies.
The generated text is : Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Arapiraca is the name of the ground of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense. Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense has 17000 members and nickname Alvinegro play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil.
The generated text is : The company Trane is in building materials' industry, with an operating income of $875,400,000 and revenue of $10,264,000,000.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy resides in Teşvikiye.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy, born January 1st, 1934, is Turkish and lives in Istanbul.
The generated text is : Liselotte Grschebina born in Karlsruhe died on the 14th of June, 1994.
The generated text is : Nie Haisheng, a fighter pilot, is from Hubei province.
The generated text is : Lionsgate and Roadside Attractions distributed English language movie Super Capers which was edited by Stacy Katzman and runs 98 minutes.
The generated text is : The University of Burgundy has 1299 doctoral students.
The generated text is : Justin Whalin was a presenter.
The generated text is : Nie Haisheng was born on 10/13/1964 in Zaoyang. Nie Haisheng was a crew member on Shenzhou 6 and took part in the Shenzhou 10 mission.
The generated text is : Expect a Miracle, with a runtime of 54.56, is preceded by the Brian Kelly album Pools of Light.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva, a United States citizen, was born on January 1, 1958. She is a graduate of Humboldt University and her professional field is mathematical optimization. Having been influenced by Andrzej Piotr Ruszczynski, she is known for her work with stochastic programming.
The generated text is : The Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes is preceded by the Velvet Underground album Squeeze. The Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes was recorded through Polydor Records in San Francisco.
The generated text is : Born in England on 01-01-1942, Brandon Carter is a professional in the field of general relativity who was previously supervised by Dennis William Sciama, his doctoral advisor. He is known for the Carter constant as well as the No-hair theorem.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva's current residence in the state of New Jersey in United States. United States has had some top officials and leaders as Joe Biden and John Roberts respectively.
The generated text is : Cyril Frankel's birth place was in the United Kingdom.
The generated text is : Andrew Rayel, who is associated with the musician Jwaydan Moyine, has performed the genre of Trance music.
The generated text is : Harold French was born in the UK.
The generated text is : The Bedford Aerodrome is located in Thurleigh, the postal code of which is MK44. Bedford Aerodrome's International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) identifier is EGBF.
The generated text is : Bedford Aerodrome has a runway length of 1095 and has an ICAO identifier of EGBF.
The generated text is : S.A. corporation Hypermarcas, which was founded on January 1st, 2001, has a subsidiary called Mantecorp.
The generated text is : 1147 Stavropolis, an asteroid with a magnitude of 11.5, was discovered by Grigory Neujmin on June 11, 1929. The asteroid has a periapsis of 260855000000.0 and an apoapsis of 418476000000.0. The orbital period of 1147 Stavropolis is 1249.6 days and the rotation period is 20378.5.
The generated text is : Death on a Factory Farm is an HBO film directed, produced, and edited by Geof Bartz and Tom Simon.
The generated text is : The ALCO RS-3 was produced between May 1950 and August 1956 and has a length of 17068.8 millimetres. It has a four-stroke engine and a diesel-electric transmission.
The generated text is : Year of No Light, a sludge metal band, produced and released their album Nord on June 9th 2006 with support from their label Crucial blast. This album preceded their next album Live at Roadburn that was released in 2008.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner is a post-metal singer from the US who started performing in 1995 and is a musician in the Lotus Eaters band.
The generated text is : The Mexican based city of Ciudad Ayala in Morelos stands at 1147 metres above sea level and is in the PDT time zone.
The generated text is : Tom Simon directed and produced the 83 minute movie Death on a Factory Farm which was released by HBO and had Geof Bartz as the editor.
The generated text is : Liselotte Grschebina was a photographer who has Israeli nationality and was born in May 2, 1908. She studied at the School of Applied Arts in Stuttgart and died on June 14, 1994.
The generated text is : The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase with a runway length of 3078.48.
The generated text is : The total area of Gdynia, Poland is 135,000,000.0.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy is of Turkish citizenship and nationality. Nurhan lives in Istanbul and was born on January 1st, 1934.
The generated text is : The Alan B. Miller Hall was designed by Robert A.M. Stern. The current tenant of the Alan B. Miller Hall is the Mason School of Business. The Alan B. Miller Hall is located at "101 Ukrop Way," Williamsburg, Virginia, in the United States.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson was born in Darlington, Kingdom of England, on January 1st, 1726.
The generated text is : The song Mermaid by the band Train written by Espen Lind is on the Sony Music Entertainment record label.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson’s nationality is English, where the capital is Winchester.
The generated text is : Liselotte Grschebina's nationality is Israeli.
The generated text is : Expect a Miracle, instrumental music of the easy listening genre, has a runtime of 54.56.
The generated text is : Bill Oddie starred in Bananaman which was broadcast by the BBC who are based in the Broadcasting House, London.
The generated text is : The total area of New Jersey is 22,591 square kilometers.
The generated text is : Juan Nolasco is governator in the council-manager governed Ciudad Ayala. It is on Pacific Daylight Time in the Pacific Standard Time Zone. The population density is 1604.0.
The generated text is : Live at Roadburn 2008 was preceded by Nord, an album produced by Year of No Light, which is in the sludge metal genre.
The generated text is : Liselotte Grschebina was born in Karlsruhe and died June 14, 1994, in Petah Tikva, Israel.
The generated text is : Punk blues album Turn Me On is a noise rock genre and has its stylistic origin in earlier garage rock sound. The stylistic origin of noise rock is noise music.
The generated text is : Ciudad Ayala is a city located within Morelos in the country of Mexico. Ciudad Ayala is 1147m above sea level. It also has a UTC offset of -6 and is located in the Pacific Daylight time zone. The leader title for Ciudad Ayala is City Manager.
The generated text is : Super Capers is starring Tom Lister Jr.
The generated text is : The population density of the Istanbul metro area is 2691 people per square kilometer.
The generated text is : 1147 Stavropolis was discovered on June 11, 1929 with an orbital period of 1249.6 days and an apoapsis of 418476000000.0. It has an absolute magnitude of 11.5.
The generated text is : Pontiac makes automobiles.
The generated text is : The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is operated by ENAIRE which is located in the city of Madrid. The runway length of the airport is 3,500.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudnikov was born 1980-02-24 and he plays for FC Spartak Moscow whose home ground is Otkrytiye Arena.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson was born in the Kingdom of England and died on February 18, 1776. She was married to George Monson and worked professionally in the field of botany.
The generated text is : The Bootleg Series Volume I: The Quine Tapes was recorded in St. Louis, Missouri, United States and has a runtime of 230.05 minutes. It was preceded by the Velvet Underground's Squeeze.
The generated text is : The title of the leader of Swords, Dublin, where Trane is located, is County Manager.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva is known for the Bondareva-Shapley theorem.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner played electric guitar with the band Twilight.
The generated text is : It's Great to Be Young includes John Mills and Cecil Parker in its cast, and includes music composed by Louis Levy.
The generated text is : The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County in the state of Pennsylvania.
The generated text is : The composer of the music created for “Death on a Factory Farm” was Jamie Lawrence. Tom Simon both produced and directed it.
The generated text is : Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Karnataka, India.
The generated text is : The Fellowship of the Ring was published on July 29, 1954 by George Allen & Unwin.
The generated text is : Abraham A. Ribicoff, an American, was in office while John F. Kennedy was president and worked for the United States Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare office. He was married to Ruth Ribicoff and later died in the United States.
The generated text is : Vice President is a leader title in Brazil.
The generated text is : J.R.R. Tolkien wrote The Fellowship of the Ring and The Silmarillion.
The generated text is : The director of the movie It's Great to Be Young was Cyril Frankel.
The generated text is : The song Mermaid by Train on Train's "California 37" album was followed by the release of Imagine by John Lennon performed by Train on the album also named Imagine.
The generated text is : Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport in Alcobendas, Spain, is operated by ENAIRE, which is based in Madrid. The airport has an elevation of 610 metres above sea level.
The generated text is : The Pontiac Rageous is manufactured by Pontiac, which was succeeded by Buick.
The generated text is : The movie English Without Tears' release date is 07-28-1944.
The generated text is : Akeem Ayers, who made his debut for the Tennessee Titans, was in draft round 2.
The generated text is : Harold French served as a film director.
The generated text is : Abraham A. Ribicoff is a citizen of the United States and was married to Casey Ribicoff.
The generated text is : In Ciudad Ayala, a Mexican city and part of Morelos, the leader is called the governator.
The generated text is : The runway surface of the Bedford Aerodrome named "08/26" is made of concrete.
The generated text is : The University of Burgundy, located in the city of Dijon, has a staff of 2900 members and an enrollment of 27400 students, 16800 of which are undergraduate students and 1299 which are doctoral students.
The generated text is : The Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes is a rock album preceded by Squeeze and released under Polydor Records. The album was recorded under the Universal Music Group record label. All this music was created by the Velvet Underground.
The generated text is : Piotr Hallmann, who weighs 70.308kg, was born in Gdynia, Poland. Gdynia is a city in Poland and is in the Central European Summer timezone.
The generated text is : The Bootleg Series Volume I: The Quine Tapes was released by the record label Polydor Records under the Universal Music Group record label in the United States. A key individual in the Universal Music Group is Lucian Grainge.
The generated text is : Bionico (a dessert) is a food found in the region of Jalisco in Mexico. The currency of Mexico is the peso inhabited by Mexicans.
The generated text is : The Train song Mermaid belonging to the California 37 Train album was written by Amund Bjørklund and production team Stargate. It was produced by the production team Espionage and distributed in the digital format.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy is Turkish and speaks the Turkish language.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy is of the Turkish nationality and was born in Turkey on 1 January 1934. He maintains citizenship in Turkey.
The generated text is : The album Squeeze is produced by the Velvet Underground.
The generated text is : Bionico is a food found in Mexico which is served as a dessert. Sandesh (confectionery) is also a dish that can be served as a dessert.
The generated text is : Ciudad Ayala is a part of Morelos. Adrian Rivera Perez is one of the leaders of the Mexican state of Morelos, and one of the leaders of Ciudad Ayala is the city manager.
The generated text is : Buzz Aldrin, a member of the Apollo 11 crew, received his Sc. D. from MIT in 1963.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson was born in Darlington in the Kingdom of England.
The generated text is : The movie, Super Capers, features Tom Sizemore who is an actor.
The generated text is : The Pontiac Rageous is a coupe that was first produced in 1997. It is assembled in Michigan with the assembly line being in Detroit.
The generated text is : Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes in rock genre preceded by the Velvet Underground album Squeeze was recorded in San Francisco.
The generated text is : The album, "Nord", a post-metal genre piece, also considered sludge metal, was produced and released by the artist Year of No light in 2006, on September, 6, and followed up the artist's album, "Live at Roadburn 2008."
The generated text is : The headquarters of BBC is called broadcasting house, which first aired the show, Bananaman, which starred Bill Oddie and aired October 3,1983 and last aired on April 15, 1986.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva lives in the US state of New Jersey. In the States, English is the official language.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy, who is of Turkish nationality, was born on the date 1934.01-01.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy was born in the unitary state of Turkey.
The generated text is : Harry Carey, born in 1878 stars in McVeagh of the South Seas, a film registered in IMDb, ID 0004319, directed by Cyril Bruce.
The generated text is : Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is the Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca (located in Arapiraca) & the club has 17000 members.Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil.
The generated text is : Olga Nikolaevna Bondareva was born on April 27, 1937. A student of Leningrad State University, Bondareva is known for Bondareva-Shapley Theorem. Bondareva died in Saint Petersburg.
The generated text is : Expect a Miracle was recorded and produced by Brian Kelly.
The generated text is : It's Great to Be Young (1956) is a movie starring Cecil Parker. It also stars John Mills, who later died in Denham, Buckinghamshire.
The generated text is : In Ciudad Ayala, which is a part of Morelos, the leader is called the governator.
The generated text is : The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall, which is located in Virginia and which was designed by Robert A. M. Stern and completed June 1, 2009.
The generated text is : Bananaman the TV series was created by Steve Bright was shown on the BBC headquarters called Broadcasting House.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Ciudad Ayala (located in the country of Mexico) is in the PDT time zone. Its elevation above sea level is 1147.0 and the city has a population density of 1604.0.
The generated text is : Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, also known as Asa Gigante, play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league.
The generated text is : Andrzej Piotr Ruszczynski is known for stochastic programming.
The generated text is : The album Nord by Year of No Light was produced by the band and released on September 6, 2006 under the record label, Crucial Blast.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson died of February 18, 1776 after having been born in Darlington, in the Kingdom of England, on 1726.01.01.
The generated text is : One of the leaders of the United States, where Darinka Dentcheva is a citizen, is the Vice President.
The generated text is : Directed by Cyril Bruce, McVeagh of the South Seas stars and was written by Harry Carey. Its IMDb ID is 0004319.
The generated text is : Liselotte Grschebina (born May 2, 1908) died in Petah Tikva, Israel on June 14, 1994.
The generated text is : Ciudad Ayala is located in the Pacific Daylight time zone with a leader called the Governator, and the population of 1777539.
The generated text is : The Year of No Light album Live at Roadburn 2008 had been produced by Roadburn Festival.
The generated text is : The Train song Mermaid, written by Pat Monahan and produced by the Espionage production team, is followed by the John Lennon song Imagine.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner started performing in 1995 and is a singer of the musical genre post metal in the Lotus Eaters band.
The generated text is : The University of Burgundy has 16,800 undergraduate students, and the number of doctoral students is 1299.
The generated text is : Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore received the Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Technical Education and has an affiliation with Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The generated text is : United States total area is 9833520000000 square kilometers.
The generated text is : The Fellowship of the Ring and its follow-up, The Two Towers are both in the fantasy genre.
The generated text is : Ciudad Ayala has a population density of 1,604 and falls into the UTC offset -6 time zone. One of the city's leaders is referred to as the governator.
The generated text is : Super Capers is a film starring Adam West who was born in 1928.
The generated text is : Born in England on the first day of 1942, Brandon Carter is known for both the Anthropic principle and the Doomsday argument. He studied at Cambridge and his doctoral advisor was Dennis William Sciama.
The generated text is : The campus of the Acharya Institute of Technology is located at Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, India . This university is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and it contains 700 postgraduate students.
The generated text is : Punk blues and Noise rock is the genre of the album Turn me On, while Noise pop is a fusion genre, having elements from noise rock.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson was born in 1726 on January, 1.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy was born is Turkey, where he has previously lived in Istanbul. He is of Turkish nationality.
The generated text is : "Death on a Factory Farm" was directed by Tom Simon.
The generated text is : Acharya Institute of Technology was given the Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Technical Education and is affiliated to Visvesvaraya Technological University. The All India Council for Technical Education is located in Mumbai and The Acharya Institute of Technology campus is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090 which is in Bangalore.
The generated text is : Born in Hubei, Nie Haisheng was part of both the Shenzhou 6 and Shenzhou 10 missions. His main occupation was fighter pilot.
The generated text is : Alan Shepard was born on November 19, 1923, in New Hampshire in the United States. He died in California.
The generated text is : One of the leaders of Ciudad Ayala is the City Manager.
The generated text is : Grigory Neujmin discovered the asteroid 1147 Stavropolis of an absolute magnitude of 11.5, with 418476000000.0 apoapsis and 1249.6 days orbital period.
The generated text is : The 1147 Stavropolis asteroid has a rotation period of 20378.5, a periapsis of 260855000000, with an orbital period of 1249.6 days.
The generated text is : Honeymoon Killers album, Turn Me On (runtime of 35.1 minutes), falls into two genres, Punk blues and Noise rock.
The generated text is : Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes, produced by The Velvet Underground and recorded through Polydor Records, was released by the Universal Music Group record label.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy lives in Istanbul, Turkey, where the official language is Turkish.
The generated text is : The Pontiac Rageous is manufactured by Pontiac and was first produced in 1997. Pontiac was first founded in the United States and the successor to Pontiac is Buick.
The generated text is : Cecil Parker, also known as Cecil Schwabe at birth, starred in the 1956 film It's Great to be Young. John Mills died in Denham, Buckinghamshire, and he was a main actor in the movie as well.
The generated text is : New Jersey has an area of water that is 3,544.04.
The generated text is : Production of the Pontiac Rageous ended in 1997.
The generated text is : The song Mermaid, which was produced by the Espionage production team, belongs to the musical band Train. The song was followed by their cover of the John Lennon song Imagine and the original song Imagine by John Lennon is certified by FIMI.
The generated text is : Cyril Frankel is a television director.
The generated text is : Cyril Frankel directed the movie It's Great to be Young, which has a running time of 94 minutes.
The generated text is : The Quine Tapes was preceded by Squeeze by Velvet Underground both for Bootleg Series Volume 1, which was recorded under the Polydor Records record label.
The generated text is : Bionico is a dessert food found in Mexico, in the Guadalajara region. Sandesh is also a nice confectionery dessert. In Mexico, the national currency is the peso and the local people are called Mexicans.
The generated text is : Alan B. Miller Hall is on 101 Ukrop way (in Virginia) and owned by the College of William and Mary.
The generated text is : The University of Burgundy has 16800 undergraduate students compared to 9400 postgraduate students.
The generated text is : The Two Towers was published by George Allen & Unwin.
The generated text is : The city of Ciudad Ayala is overseen by the city manager. Its UTC offset is -6 and its government type is council manager.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Ciudad Ayala has a UTC offset of -6 and is a city in Mexico.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy currently takes residence in Turkey.
The generated text is : The Fellowship of the Ring, released on July 29, 1954, was followed by The Two Towers.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter was born on January 1, 1942 and graduated from the University of Cambridge where the current chancellor is David Sainsbury, Baron Sainsbury of Turville. Brandon's doctoral advisor was Dennis William Sciama.
The generated text is : The Train song Mermaid of the genre of pop rock was preceded by the song This'll be my year, followed by John Lennon song Imagine that was followed by the release of the song Happy Xmas (War is Over). The cover was preceded by the song Power to the People.
The generated text is : John Mills has a child named Hayley Mills.
The generated text is : Terence Rattigan died on November 30th 1977.
The generated text is : Anatole de Grunwald, the producer of English Without Tears, was born in Saint Petersburg.
The generated text is : The Bootleg Series Volume I: The Quine Tapes is a rock album recorded in San Francisco and released under the label Polydor Records. It was preceded by the album Squeeze.
The generated text is : Ciudad Ayala is a city situated 1,147 meters above sea level. Juan Nolasco is one of the city's leaders.
The generated text is : Bedford Aerodrome which has a runway length of 1,095 has served the Bedford Autodrome.
The generated text is : The spouse of Abraham A. Ribicoff, who was Governor of Connecticut, was Ruth Ribicoff. Abraham was born in the USA where African Americans are an ethnic group.
The generated text is : Turkey's official language is Turkish.
The generated text is : “eng” is the ISO 639-2 code for the English language.
The generated text is : Steve Bright creation Bananaman was broadcast by the BBC and last aired on 15/04/1983. The broadcaster responsible, the BBC, are based at Broadcasting House in London.
The generated text is : On June 11th 1929, Grigory Neujmin discovered asteroid 1147 Stavropolis. The asteroid has an absolute magnitude of 11.5, an orbital period of 1249.6 days, and an apoapsis of 418476000000.0. 1147 Stavropolis epoch is the 31st of July, 2016.
The generated text is : Hypermarcas employs 10,252 people.
The generated text is : The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 in Adams County, Pennsylvania which is south to the Cumberland county, Pennsylvania.
The generated text is : Charlie Colin is a former band member of Train.
The generated text is : Harold French directed and acted in the movie English Without Tears. French began acting in 1920. The movie was edited and produced by Alan Jaggs and Anatole de Grunwald.
The generated text is : The Pontiac Rageous is assembled in Michigan.
The generated text is : Saint Petersburg was founded on 1703-05-27.
The generated text is : Hypermarcas is a type of S.A (corporation) in the pharmaceuticals industry founded on January 1, 2001. It has a subsidiary called Mantecorp and a net income of 108,600,000.
The generated text is : Piotr Hallmann in 175.26 cm tall.
The generated text is : Mermaid, a pop rock song by the musical band Train lasts 3.16 minutes.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner is a black metal performer who started performing in 1995. Death metal is a fusion genre of black metal.
The generated text is : Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar is the Director of The Acharya Institute of Technology, which is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University and located in India.
The generated text is : The total population of Darlington is 106,000 residents.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson of English nationality who was born in Darlington on January 1, 1726, died on 1776-02-18.
The generated text is : Train followed This'll Be My Year with with the release of Mermaid (3.16 minutes), a pop rock/reggae song produced by Espionage. Mermaid premiered on December 27, 2012, and was subsequently followed by the release of the band's cover of John Lennon's Imagine.
The generated text is : Nie Haisheng was born on 10/13/1964.
The generated text is : The pop rock song Mermaid by the band Train with runtime of 3.16 minutes was released under the record label Columbia Records.
The generated text is : Liselotte Grschebina was an Israeli born in the German Empire who died on June 14, 1994.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter was born in England and graduated from the University of Cambridge where the current Chancellor is Leszek Borysiewicz.
The generated text is : Alan Shepard (national of the United States) was born on November 18th, 1923, in New Hampshire. He was the chief Astronaut office in 1963, his occupation was a test pilot. He was awarded the Distinguished service medal. He died in California.
The generated text is : Bionico is a dessert that is found in Guadalajara.
The generated text is : The Year of No Light album Nord was preceded by Year of No Light's album Demo 2004.
The generated text is : The asteroid 1147 Stavropolis was discovered on the 11th of June 1929 and has a rotation period of 20378.5. The apoapsis of 1147 Stavropolis is 418476000000.0 and the periapsis of 1147 Stavropolis is 260855000000. The 1147 Stavropolis epoch is 31 July 2016 (Julian Day 2457600.5).
The generated text is : The full name of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is (Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense) they played in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league is based in Brazil in 2015 and ground is the Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca located in Arapiraca. The Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions of Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C.
The generated text is : Abraham A. Ribicoff, whose spouse is Ruth Ribicoff, is an American citizen and was born in the USA. He worked for the United States Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare office.
The generated text is : Andrzej Piotr Ruszczynski influenced Darinka Dentcheva, who is known for Stochastic programming.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy (born in Resadiye) resides in Turkey and the population density in metropolitan Istanbul is 2691.0. He won a state award for superior achievement.
The generated text is : The birthplace of Anatole de Grunwald is Saint Petersburg.
The generated text is : The Train song by Mermaid is from the pop rock genre written by Espen Lind that lasts 3.16 minutes which was released on 27th December 2012. It was preceded by the song This'll Be My Year.
The generated text is : The Two Towers is the sequel to The Fellowship of the Ring.
The generated text is : English Without Tears, a film directed by Harold French, is 89 minutes long. The music for the film is composed by Nicholas Brodszky.
The generated text is : S.A. Corporation, Hypermarcas is a pharmaceutical company that also sells cosmetics.
The generated text is : Nord is an album by Year of No Light which was released on the Crucial Blast and E-Vinyl labels.
The generated text is : Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca located in Arapiraca is the name of the ground of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense. Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense played in the 2015 season and in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league from Brazil.
The generated text is : Altar of Plagues is a band associated with Year of No Light.
The generated text is : Super Capers is a 98 minute American English movie starring Michael Rooker and Tom Sizemore. It was directed by Ray Griggs and edited by Stacy Katzman. It had a budget of $2,000,000.
The generated text is : The Arapiraca based Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca is the training ground of Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense. With a full name of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, this team play in the Brazilian based Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league.
The generated text is : The American company AmeriGas serves the United States.
The generated text is : The architect of the Alan B Miller Hall, which is at 101 Ukrop Way, USA, is Robert A M Stern. They started to build the Alan B Miller Hall on the 30th of March, 2007 and it was finished on the 1st of June 2009.The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of the building which is owned by The College of William and Mary.
The generated text is : Tom Simon and Sarah Teale produced the film named Death on a Factory Farm. Music was composed by Jamie Lawrence; it was directed by Sarah Teale, and it has a running time of 83 minutes.
The generated text is : Philippine Entertainment Portal, Inc is a subsidiary of GMA New Media which produces web services in the city of Quezon.
The generated text is : The Hobbit literary genre is high fantasy.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner, originally from Boston, sings for a living as a post-metal music performer with the band Twilight.
The generated text is : “It's Great to Be Young” is a 1956 movie edited by Max Benedict. The movie stars Cecil Parker, and includes music by Louis Levy.
The generated text is : The author of the Fellowship of the Ring is J.R.R. Tolkien. It was released on July 29, 1954. The Hobbit came before it, and it was followed by The Two Towers.
The generated text is : The film Death on a Factory Farm (83 minutes), broadcasted by HBO, is both directed and produced by Tom Simon.
The generated text is : Music group the Velvet Underground both produced and released The Bootleg Series Volume I: The Quine Tapes, which have a runtime of 230.05 minutes.
The generated text is : Hypermarcas, founded on 2001-01-01, is in the pharmaceutical industry; its key person is their CEO.
The generated text is : Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense from the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league played in the 2015 season.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson is an English national from the unitary Kingdom of England.
The generated text is : The orbital period of 1147 Stavropolis is 1249.6.
The generated text is : "English Without Tears" was produced and written by Anatole de Grunwald.
The generated text is : Abraham A. Ribicoff was married to Ruth Ribicoff and he was born and died in the USA. Mr Ribicoff was in office at the same time as John F. Kennedy was president and was an American citizen.
The generated text is : Sandesh is a confectionary dessert item, much like Bionico, which contains granola and is found in Mexico. Mexico uses the peso as its currency and is inhabited by Mexicans.
The generated text is : The population density of Ciudad Ayala which is part of Morelos is 1604.0.
The generated text is : Cuernavaca is a part of Morelos.
The generated text is : Liselotte Grschebina is an Israeli who was born in Karlsruhe.
The generated text is : Liselotte Grschebina died on the 14th of June, 1994.
The generated text is : The total area of India is 3,287,590 square kilometers.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in the municipality of Gettysburg, Adams County, Pennsylvania which is south to the Pennsylvania's Cumberland County.
The generated text is : The running time of the movie It's Great to Be Young directed by Cyril Frankel, starring Cecil Parker in 1956 is 94 minutes. Ted Willis is the writer of the film and Louis Levy is the music composer.
The generated text is : Electric guitarist Aaron Turner began performing in 1995. Turner is a post-metal musician in the band Lotus Eaters.
The generated text is : The 89 minute film, English Without Tears, released on July 1944, was composed by Nicholas Brodszky.
The generated text is : Turn Me On, a punk blues/noise rock album, was produced by The Honeymoon Killers, who also produced the album Let It Breed. Turn Me On is 35 minutes 10 seconds in length.
The generated text is : 'English Without Tears' is the screenplay of writers Terence Rattigan and Anatole de Grunwald. The latter was born in Saint Petersburg.
The generated text is : 1147 Stavropolis absolute magnitude is 11.5 .
The generated text is : The English film Super Capers, distributed by Roadside Attractions, stars Michael Rooker and Tom Sizemore. Stacy Katzman was the editor of Super Capers.
The generated text is : The song Mermaid by the musical group Train is 3 minutes and 16 seconds long and was released on the Columbia Records record label.
The generated text is : Mexico's government has a leader position titled the President of the Chamber of Deputies.
The generated text is : MotorSport Vision is the operating organisation for Bedford Aerodrome, which has a runway called 08/26 with the length of 1095.0. This aerodrome is at an elevation of 83.2104 above sea level and is located in Thurleigh. It serves the Bedford Autodrome. Bedford Aerodrome's International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) identifier is EGBF.
The generated text is : American mathematician Darinka Dentcheva was born on January 1, 1958. Dentcheva graduated from Humboldt University in Berlin, Germany. Influenced by fellow mathematician, Andrzej Piotr Ruszczyński, Dentcheva made contributions to the field of mathematical optimization, in particular, Stochastic programming. She resides in New Jersey.
The generated text is : It's Great to Be Young is a 1956 film starring John Mills.
The generated text is : The Pontiac Rageous went into production in Michigan in 1997 and ended the same year.
The generated text is : Roadside Attractions distributed the film of Super Capers which was also distributed by Lionsgate founded by Frank Giustra.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva is a US citizen and a mathematician working in the field of mathematical optimization.
The generated text is : The University of Burgundy is located in the city of Dijon and has 9400 post-graduate students.
The generated text is : The writer of English Without Tears was Anatole de Grunwald.
The generated text is : The place where Nurhan Atasoy was born is Turkey.
The generated text is : Member of the entertainment industry, The GMA New Media, is located in the GMA Network Center in the Philippines.
The generated text is : The Honeymoon Killers is the producer of the punk-blues album ‘Turn Me On’.
