The generated text is : 
The generated text is : The Bootleg Series Volume I: The Quine Tapes is preceded by the Velvet Underground album Squeeze which was itself followed by the album 1969: The Velvet Underground Live.
The generated text is : The date of Olga Bondareva's death was the ninth of December 1991.
The generated text is : Saint Petersburg, where Olga Bondareva died, was founded on May 27, 1703 and consists of a total area of 1439.0 sq/km.
The generated text is : The area code in Darlington is 01325.
The generated text is : The album Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes fits into the Rock music genre and was preceded by Squeeze by The Velvet Underground, which in turn was preceded by Andy Warhol's Velvet Underground Featuring Nico.
The generated text is : The Bootleg Series Volume I: The Quine Tapes created and produced by The Velvet Underground with runtime of 230.05 minutes was recorded in St. Louis, Missouri, United States. The Rock music genre album was released by the record label Polydor Records.
The generated text is : From the production team Espionage, Train's song Mermaid (on the California 37 album) was followed by Train's performance of Imagine by John Lennon.
The generated text is : Terence Rattigan is the writer of the 89 minute movie ´English Without Tears´ and Bernard Knowles is the cinematographer.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson is the spouse of George Monson. Her professional field of study was botany, and she died on 18 February 1776.
The generated text is : The song Mermaid was written In the reggae music genre by Espen Lind and Amund Bjorklund The song was performed by Train and released by Columbia Records and Sony Music Entertainment records. It has a total runtime of three minutes and sixteen seconds.
The generated text is : Louis Levy is the composer of the 1956 film It's Great to Be Young, which is written by Ted Willis and stars Cecil Parker.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : The 98 minute film Super Capers had a budget of 2 million dollars. It was written and directed by Ray Griggs. It starred Tom Sizemore and also featured Michael Rooker.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva was influenced by Andrzej Piotr Ruszczynski.
The generated text is : Harry Carey, who was born in 1878, wrote and starred the film of McVeagh of the South Seas.
The generated text is : Year of No Light, who released the album Nord, followed this up with the album Live at Roadburn 2008.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva, born "Olga Nikolaevna Bondareva" on April 27th, 1937 and known for the Bondareva-Shapley theorem, died in Saint Petersburg.
The generated text is : The Train song Mermaid written by Amund Bjørklund and production team Stargate was produced by the production team Espionage and released under the record label Sony Music Entertainment. It was followed by the release of Imagine by John Lennon performed by Train.
The generated text is : The album Nord by Year of No Light with runtime of 58 minutes and 41 seconds was released on September 6, 2006.The album Nord was preceded by the album Demo 2004 and followed by Live at Roadburn 2008 .
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson is the spouse of George Monson.
The generated text is : The Velvet Underground recorded Rock album The Bootleg Series Volume I: The Quine Tapes in St. Louis, Missouri, USA.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : English Without Tears is a movie directed by Harold French and musically composed by Nicholas Brodszky. It runs for 89 minutes and was released on July 7th, 1944.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva currently works in the field of Economics.
The generated text is : Nicholas Brodszky was a composer of the songs that were used in English Without Tears.
The generated text is : It's Great to be Young is a 1956 film starring Cecil Parker.
The generated text is : Ray Griggs is the director of Super Capers.
The generated text is : The self-produced Year of No Light post metal and sludge metal album Nord was released on 2006-09-06 and was followed by the album Live at Roadburn 2008. Nord was released on the Crucial Blast record label.
The generated text is : The Train song Mermaid, produced by the Espionage production team, was followed by the band’s cover of the John Lennon song Imagine. Musician John Lennon wrote and also originally performed the song Imagine which is certified by FIMI.
The generated text is : Expect a Miracle is of the easy listening genre.
The generated text is : The Velvet Underground album Squeeze is followed by the album 1969: The Velvet Underground Live.
The generated text is : The album Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes by The Velvet Underground in the Rock music genre, was produced by The Velvet Underground and recorded in the United States. It lasts 230.05 minutes.
The generated text is : The movie Super Capers is distributed by Roadside Attractions and Lionsgate, a public company.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy's nationality is that of Turkish people.
The generated text is : Mermaid by Train was written by Espen Lind and Amund Bjorklund. The song, which runs 3 minutes and 16 seconds long, was released on December 27th, 2012. Train's most recent song before Mermaid was This'll Be My Year.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter is a physicist whose professional field was on General Relativity.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva, birth name Olga Nikolaevna Bondareva, graduated from Leningrad State University. She is known for the Bondareva-Shapley theorem.
The generated text is : Humboldt University is the alma mater of Darinka Dentcheva, whose professional field is Mathematical optimization.
The generated text is : Anatole de Grunwald is the producer of English Without Tears.
The generated text is : Southern sludge is a musical subgenre of sludge metal.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva with birth name "Olga Nikolaevna Bondareva" was born in Leningrad, USSR on April 27, 1937. A Leningrad State University graduate, she is known for Bondareva-Shapley theorem.
The generated text is : It's Great to Be Young is a 1956 film starring John Mills,and it cost £282,838.
The generated text is : English Without Tears is a movie directed by Harold French who became an active actor in 1920. The movie was written by Anatole de Grunwald and Terence Rattigan. Rattigan passed away in 1977.
The generated text is : Darlington's postal codes are as followed: DL1, DL2, and DL3.
The generated text is : The demonym for people who live in Turkey is "Turk".
The generated text is : The 98.0 minute film,Super Capers starring Danielle Harris was written by the director Ray Griggs.
The generated text is : English Without Tears was directed by Harold French who was born in 1897. It was written by Terence Rattigan who died on November 30th, 1977.
The generated text is : John Mills had a main role in the movie It's Great to Be Young, which had its cinematography done by Gilbert Taylor.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva, an alumnus of Leningrad State University, was born April 27, 1937 and died December 9, 1991.
The generated text is : Harry Carey, an actor and director, was born in 1878. He was the writer of the movie McVeagh of the South Seas, which was produced by the Progressive Motion Picture Company. As well as writing the film script, Carey also acted a role in the movie, and directed it.
The generated text is : Cyril Frankel directed the 1956 film It's Great to Be Young in which Cecil Parker had a main role. The film is 94 minutes long.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva died in Saint Petersburg, a town with the total area of 1439.0.
The generated text is : Tom Simon is the director and producer of the film 'Death on a Factory Farm', which broadcast on HBO and featured Jamie Lawrence as the music composer.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : One of the leaders of the United States, where Darinka Dentcheva resides, is the Vice President.
The generated text is : The album Nord released in 06-09-2006 by Year of No Light is post metal and sludge metal genre. Year of No Light also the producers of their album Nord followed it with the album Live at Roadburn 2008.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva died in Saint Petersburg, although her birthplace was in Leningrad, USSR.
The generated text is : The album Nord by Year of No Light, a sludge metal genre was produced by the band and released on 06-09-2006. It followed the album Live at Roadburn 2008.
The generated text is : Record label Crucial Blast's band Year of No Light produced the album Nord, which was then followed by Live at Roadburn 2008.
The generated text is : Pranab Mukherjee is the leader of India.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy resides in Istanbul, Turkey. Turkey has a unitary form of government.
The generated text is : The Velvet Underground is a proto-punk band.
The generated text is : The film English Without Tears, written by Terence Rattigan, was released on 07-28-1944. Edited by Alan Jaggs, it has an 89 minute running time with music composed by Nicholas Brodszky..
The generated text is : Sarah Teale and Tom Simon directed the 83 minute movie Death on a Factory Farm which edited by Geof Bartz and broadcasted by HBO. The movie has Jamie Lawrence as the music composer.
The generated text is : Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes, recorded under the Polydor Records record label and published by Universal Music Group, was preceded by Squeeze by The Velvet Underground.
The generated text is : Tom Simon and Sarah Teale directed and produced the 83 minutes movie Death on a Factory Farm.
The generated text is : The record label of Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes is Universal Music Group.
The generated text is : The movie McVeagh of the South Seas' IMDb id is 0004319. It was directed by Cyril Bruce and starred actor Harry Carey who was born in 1878.
The generated text is : The film English Without Tears was released on July 28, 1944, directed by Harold French, edited by Alan Jaggs, produced by Anatole de Grunwald.
The generated text is : The album Turn Me On is an example of the genre known as noise rock, a fusion genre having elements of noise pop among other things.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson, who was born in Darlington, died on February 18th, 1776.
The generated text is : The stylistic origin of pop rock is rock music.
The generated text is : Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes by The Velvet Underground, has a run time of 230:05.
The generated text is : Sarah Teale directed and produced Death on a Factory Farm which runs 83 minutes.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson (born in Darlington) resided in India for most of her life. India was founded on January 26th, 1950 and its leader is called the President.
The generated text is : The Quine Tapes was produced by The Velvet Underground which was 230.05 minutes long that was recorded in the United States.
The generated text is : Super Capers was written and directed by Ray Griggs who was born in 1974. The movie stars Michael Rooker and Tom Sizemore.
The generated text is : Take It Off! was produced by the American band, the Honeymoon Killers.
The generated text is : The Year of No Light album Nord, which was released on the date 2006-09-06, was followed by the album Live at Roadburn 2008. Nord is an album in the sludge metal and post-metal genres.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Expect a Miracle is an instrumental and easy listening compilation album which runs for 54 minutes and 56 seconds. Brian Kelly followed this album with the album Afterplay.
The generated text is : Take It Off! is in the noise rock genre.
The generated text is : John Mills, accompanied by Cecil Parker, played the lead role in the 1956 film It's Great to Be Young. The 94 minute film was shot by cinematographer Gilbert Taylor and went on to receive £282,838.
The generated text is : The writer of “It’s great to be young” is Ted Willis.
The generated text is : "Mermaid" is an example of the reggae genre whose origin is rhythm and blues.
The generated text is : The residence of Darinka Dentcheva, a citizen of the United States, is in New Jersey in the United States, whose motto is "In God We Trust". The total area of water in New Jersey is 3,544 square kilometers.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Cinemax is a sister channel with HBO.
The generated text is : The Bootleg Series Volume I: The Quine Tapes was recorded in St. Louis, Missouri, in the United States where English is the spoken language.
The generated text is : English Without Tears is an 89 minute movie that was directed and produced by Harold French and Anatole de Grunwald. Alan Jaggs did the editing.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson (died on February 18, 1776), was nationalized English and a resident of India. Her professional study was botany. She was married to George Monson.
The generated text is : The film Death On a Factory Farm, which runs 83 minutes, was produced by Tom Simon and edited by Geof Bartz.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy is a recipient of the State Award for Superior Achievement.
The generated text is : Tom Sizemore, who started performing in 1989, and Adam West both starred in the movie Super Capers.
The generated text is : The self-produced album Turn Me On by the American band The Honeymoon Killers has a total runtime of 35 minutes 10 seconds and was preceded by the Let it Breed album.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva, born January 1, 1958, is a US citizen and is known for stochastic programming. She is a professional in the field of mathematical optimization and was influenced by Andrzej Piotr Ruszczyński.
The generated text is : Super Capers is an English language film starring Michael Rooker and edited by Stacy Katzman.
The generated text is : The Death on a Factory Farm was broadcasted by HBO.
The generated text is : Harry Carey is an actor and co-director, along with Gregory Allen, of the movie McVeagh of the South Seas, which was distributed by Alliance Films Corporation.
The generated text is : Expect a Miracle is instrumental music created by Brian Kelly. With a runtime of 54.56, Expect a Miracle is preceded by Kelly's album Pools of Light, and it is followed by Afterplay.
The generated text is : The Velvet Underground created and produced the album Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes.
The generated text is : English Without Tears is a movie edited, directed,and produced by Harold French, Anatole De Grunwald, and Alan Jaggs. The composer of the music is Nicholas Brodszky.
The generated text is : Noise rock is the genre of the American band The Honeymoon Killers.
The generated text is : The compilation album Expect a Miracle, which is in the instrumental genre, was authored and produced by composer and pianist Brian Kelly and preceded by his album Pools of Light. The album has a runtime of 54.56 minutes.
The generated text is : McVeagh of the South Seas is a film produced by the Progressive Motion Picture Company, directed by Cyril Bruce, and starring Harry Carey, who was born in 1878.
The generated text is : The Train song by Mermaid is from the pop rock and reggae music genre. Stylistic origins of reggae and pop rock are Ska and rock music respectively.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva lives in New Jersey which is located in the United States and has a federalist type of government.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva was influenced by Andrzej Piotr Ruszczynski, who works in the field of mathematical optimization. Darinka is a citizen of the United States, whose motto is “In God we Trust.”.
The generated text is : Punk blues usually uses a drum kit.
The generated text is : Tom Sizemore stars in Super Capers, a film in which Michael Rooker also plays in.
The generated text is : Michael Rooker, who played in Super Capers, was born in Jasper, Alabama.
The generated text is : The Bootleg Series Volume I: The Quine Tapes with runtime of 230.05 minutes was recorded in St. Louis Missouri,United States and released on 10-16-2001. Recorded through Polydor Records and Universal Music Group record label the album was preceded by the album Squeeze.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy was born in Reşadiye and now lives in Istanbul. Istanbul has a metropolitan area of 5343000000.0 and uses the Eastern European Summer Time time zone.
The generated text is : The Year of No Light album Nord in the sludge metal genre, released on September 6, 2006 was followed by Year of No Light's album Live at Roadburn 2008.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy was born in Turkey where the current leaders include Recep Tayyip Erdoğan and Binali Yildirim.
The generated text is : The American noise rock band the Honeymoon Killers, self-produced their punk blues album Turn Me On. Wharton Tiers was the producer and the album runs for 35.1 minutes.
The generated text is : Mermaid, a song by the band Train, belongs to the genre of pop rock. An offshoot of pop rock is the fusion genre Baroque pop.
The generated text is : Polydor Records' parent company is Universal Music Group.
The generated text is : It's Great to be Young is a 94 minute movie released in 1956. It starred Cecil Parker and was edited by Max Benedict. Louis Levy was the musical composer.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Jamie Lawrence, who composed Death on a Factory Farm also played in the club Brentford F.C.
The generated text is : The album Let It Breed was followed by the release of the album Turn Me On.
The generated text is : It’s Great to be Young is a 1956 film starring John Mills and Cecil Parker that runs for 94 minutes. The director was Cyril Frankel and Louis Levy was the music composer.
The generated text is : It's Great to be Young (94 minutes) was a film directed by Cyril Frankel. The 1956 film cost £282,838 to make, and is in Gilbert Taylor’s cinematography.
The generated text is : The Train song Mermaid, which is in the reggae genre, was followed by the release of the band’s cover of Imagine by John Lennon, while it was preceded by the song This'll Be My Year. Mermaid has a total runtime of three minutes and sixteen seconds.
The generated text is : "Death on a Factory Farm" is a film that was produced and directed by Sarah Teale. Jamie Lawrence was the music composer. The film was broadcast by HBO and lasts 83 minutes.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : The box office $30,955.00 film, Super Capers, with a running time of 98 minutes, starring Tom Lister Jr., was distributed by Lionsgate and directed by Ray Griggs.
The generated text is : The Death on a Factory Farm was broadcasted by HBO, formerly known as 'The Green Channel'.
The generated text is : The movie English Without Tears was written and produced by Anatole de Grunwald, with the editing done by Alan Jaggs.
The generated text is : Humboldt University is the alma mater of Darinka Dentcheva who resides in New Jersey and is known for Stochastic programming.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva was born on 1st January 1958 and was the citizen of the United States. She attended Humboldt University and was influenced by Andrzej Piotr Ruszczynski.
The generated text is : The punk blues album Turn Me On is an example of noise rock. It is by the American band The Honeymoon Killers who also produced the album. It is 35 minutes and 10 seconds in length.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson, who was born on January 1, 1726 in England, was a professional botanist.
The generated text is : "Super Capers", a movie distributed by Lionsgate, starred Justin Whalin made a gross income of $30,955.
The generated text is : The Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes were recorded in St. Louis Missouri but is now recorded in San Francisco, where Ed Lee is the political leader.
The generated text is : English-born Brandon Carter is known for the invention of the Carter constant and the no-hair theorem. Carter's doctoral advisor was Dennis William Sciama.
The generated text is : The film Super Capers, which is 98 minutes in duration, stars Justin Whalin.
The generated text is : Train's hit Mermaid was put out by the Sony Music Entertainment record label.
The generated text is : Harry Carey was born in 1878. In addition to cowriting the film with Cyril Bruce, Harry Carey was an actor and writer of the film McVeagh of the South Seas.
The generated text is : HBO's timeshift channel is divided into HBO East and HBO West.
The generated text is : Super Capers is a film starring the actors Justin Whalin and Michael Rooker. While Whalin was born in San Francisco, Rooker was born on the date of April 6th, 1965.
The generated text is : The 89 minute film English Without Tears, released on 1944-07-28, was directed by Harold French and produced by Anatole de Grunwald. Nicholas Brodszky composed the music for English Without Tears.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Cecil Parker starred in the 1956 movie It's Great to Be Young written by Ted Willis.
The generated text is : The movie English Without Tears, released in 1944, was directed by Harold French and edited by Alan Jaggs. It was written by Anatole de Grunwald and has a total running time of 89 minutes. Its music was composed by Nicholas Brodszky.
The generated text is : Expect a Miracle was produced by Brian Kelly and runs for 54:56 minutes. It is preceded by the album Pools of Light, also by Brian Kelly.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter, who was born in England, was a physicist working in the domain of general relativity. He is known as the inventor of the Carter constant and for proving the No-hair theorem.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva graduated from Leningrad State University and died in Saint Petersburg. Saint Petersburg was founded on May 27, 1703.
The generated text is : Turn Me On is a punk blues album by the Honeymoon Killers which runs 35.1 minutes.
The generated text is : Super Capers is starring Adam West and the budget was $2,000,000. It was written and directed by Ray Griggs.
The generated text is : The Velvet Underground is associated with the band Theatre of Eternal Music.
The generated text is : McVeagh of the South Seas is a film directed by Cyril Bruce, written and directed by Harry Carey (born 1878) and distributed by Alliance Films Corporation. The film is registered in IMDb with the ID 0004319.
The generated text is : The film, " It's Great to Be Young" was made in 1956 and lasts 94 minutes. It accumulated 282,838 pounds in the box office. It stars the actor John Mills and the cinematographer is Gilbert Taylor.
The generated text is : The stylistic origin of noise rock is noise music.
The generated text is : "Death on a Factory Farm", which is broadcast on HBO, had its music composed by Jamie Lawrence, who also played on the Ashford Town (Middlesex) F.C. team. HBO has timeshift channels called HBO West and HBO East.
The generated text is : The founding year of the Kingdom of England was 927.
The generated text is : It’s Great to be Young is a 1956 movie that last for 94 minutes. It is starring Cecil Parker and John Mills. Gilbert Taylor is the cinematographer and the director is Cyril Frankel. It made 282,838 pounds in income. Louis Levy composed the music.
The generated text is : The synthesizer is an instrument of post-metal.
The generated text is : The Bootleg Series Volume I: The Quine Tapes are Rock music genre.
The generated text is : Death on a Factory Farm was an 83 minute movie directed and edited by Tom Simon and Geof Bartz. Jamie Lawrence composed the music.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva was born in Leningrad, part of the USSR. She died in Saint Petersburg which was founded on 1703-05-27 where the leader is called a governor.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson’s nationality was with the Kingdom of England but her residence was in India. One of the leadership titles in India is Chief Justice and the total area of India is 3287590000000.0.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy was born on January 1, 1934 and is a citizen of Turkey. Nurhan currently resides in Turkey and one of his residences is in Istanbul.
The generated text is : The pop rock song Mermaid, by Train, is on Columbia Records.
The generated text is : Train followed Mermaid with Imagine, a song by John Lennon.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson born in Darlington, England on Jan 1st 1726, and died on Feb 18th 1776, currently resides in India.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy's birth date is 1934-01-01.
The generated text is : HBO's headquarters are situated in New York City, and it is headed by Time Warner. HBO released Death on a Factory Farm produced by Sarah Teale and Tom Simon.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva has a residence in the state of New Jersey.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva has a residence in the state of New Jersey which has a total area of 22,591.38 km^2.
The generated text is : The pop rock song titled, Mermaid, was released on 2012-27-27 by the band train and released by Columbia Records. The song runs for three minutes and sixteen seconds.
The generated text is : The Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes was recorded under the labels Polydor Records and Universal Music Group whose locations are London and Santa Monica, California respectively.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva, whose alma mater is Leningrad State University, is known for the Bondareva-Shapley theorem.
The generated text is : Gilbert Taylor was the cinematographer of the film "It's Great to Be Young".
The generated text is : The film "Death on a Factory Farm" lasts 83 minutes with Sarah Teale as the producer.
The generated text is : "Death on a Factory Farm" was directed by Tom Simon and was broadcasted by HBO.
The generated text is : Nord is an album by Year of No Light released on 06-09-2006 by the record label Crucial blast with the length of 58.41 and record label is E-Vinyl.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva was born on January 1, 1958 and she went onto develop a theory influenced by Andrzej Piotr Ruszczyński.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy, born of Turkey in 1 January 1934, is a citizen of Turkey who resides there and once resided in the city of Istanbul.
The generated text is : Expect a Miracle is an instrumental easy listening album.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Turn Me On album was preceded by the Let it Breed album where the total length is 35 minutes 10 seconds and was followed by Take It Off album.
The generated text is : "English Without Tears", released 7-28-1944, was both produced and written by Anatole de Grunwald. Bernard Knowles did the cinematography for the movie, while Alan Jaggs was put in charge of editing.
The generated text is : The Year of No Light album, Nord, was released on the E-Vinyl record label.
The generated text is : John Roberts is a leader in the United States, where Darinka Dentcheva is a citizen.
The generated text is : Prime Minister is the leader of Turkey.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy was born in Resadiye, which is a part of the Tokat Province in Turkey. Turkey’s total area is 783,356 sq/km.
The generated text is : The Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes was recorded under the Polydor Records record label and a key person is Lucian Grainge at Universal Music Group and is part of the record label of Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes is Universal Music Group.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva works in the field of Mathematics.
The generated text is : The Bootleg Series Volume I: The Quine Tapes, produced by The Velvet Underground, have a runtime of 230.05 minutes.
The generated text is : Mermaid by Train, whose record label is Warner Music Group, was released by Columbia Records.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy was born in Turkey and resides in Istanbul.
The generated text is : The Train song by mermaid is written by Espen Lind. It lasts a total of 3.16 minutes and is from the pop rock and reggae genre. The song was released on December 27th, 2012 and is preceded by the song This'll Be My Year.
The generated text is : T.S.Thakur is one of the leaders of India, which is where Lady Anne Monson currently resides.
The generated text is : The Train song Mermaid, released under the record label Sony Music Entertainment, is followed by the John Lennon song Imagine, which was followed by his hit Imagine with Happy Xmas (War is Over).
The generated text is : "English Without Tears" was written by Anatole de Grunwald and Terence Rattigan.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : The album Nord by Year of No Light falls under the post-metal genre and the sludge metal genre. Sludge metal includes the subgenres southern sludge and stoner sludge.
The generated text is : The Train song Mermaid is a pop rock song which was released under the record labels Columbia Records and Sony Music Entertainment. The song has a total runtime of 3.16 minutes.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson’s Kingdom of England birthplace used a unitary state form of government.
The generated text is : The demonym for someone from the United States is American.
The generated text is : The Mermaid song by Train had a release date of the twenty seventh of December 2012.
The generated text is : Composer and pianist, Brian Kelly, created the album titled, Expect a Miracle, which is an easy listening instrumental album with a run time of 54.56 and followed his album titled Afterplay.
The generated text is : Mermaid by Train was released under the Columbia Records/Sony Music Entertainment record labels. This was followed by the John Lennon song Imagine, succeeded by his hit Happy Xmas (War is Over).
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva's professional field is Mathematical optimization.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Terence Rattigan was born on the first of January in 1911.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva graduated from Humboldt University and worker as a mathematician in the field of Mathematical Optimization. Darinka is known for her work with stochastic programming and developed a theory that was influenced by Andrzej Piotr Ruszczynski.
The generated text is : Tom Sizemore stars in Super Capers which was distributed by Roadside Attractions and has a duration of 98 minutes.
The generated text is : Mermaid, a song by Train, was initially released on the Columbia Records record label, but it has also been released under the record label Sony Music Entertainment, which is owned by Sony Corporation.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson was born on January 1, 1726 and died on February 18th, 1776.
The generated text is : Time Warner is the owner of HBO.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson was married to George Monson and was an English who resided in India. She died on 1776-02-18.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : "Death on a Factory Farm", with a running time of 83.0 is directed by Sarah Teale, with Jamie Lawrence as the musical composer.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva was born on April 27, 1937, and later became a student of Leningrad State University.
The generated text is : Tom Simon directed the file Death on a Factory Farm, which was edited by Geof Bartz.
The generated text is : The album Nord by Year of No Light was produced by the band and used the record labels of Crucial Blast and E-Vinyl.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Squeeze by the Velvet Underground is an album in the rock music genre.
The generated text is : In New Jersey the language spoken is the English language.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson, a British citizen, was born in England on the 1st of January 1726. She later married George Monson.
The generated text is : The movie McVeagh of the South Seas, directed by Cyril Bruce, has an IMDb id of 0004319.
The generated text is : Death on a Factory Farm was produced and directed by Tom Simon, edited by Geof Bartz, composed by Jamie Lawrence and produced by Sarah Teale. The film, which was broadcasted by HBO, has a running time of 83 minutes.
The generated text is : Expect a Miracle is a compilation album by Brian Kelly and came after the album Pools of Light, and before the album titled Afterplay.
The generated text is : The total population of the United States is 324720797.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson was born in Darlington on the 1st of January, 1726 and died on the 18th of February, 1776.
The generated text is : The Quine Tapes, which is a rock series recorded by Polydor Records, was first preceded by the Velvet Underground Album, entitled Squeeze.
The generated text is : The Bootleg Series Volume I: The Quine Tapes was recorded in San Francisco through Polydor Records and released by Universal Music Group. The previous Velvet Underground album was titled Squeeze.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy, born 1-1-1934, is a citizen of Turkey and resides in Istanbul which is in the Eastern European Summer Time zone.
The generated text is : Expect a Miracle is produced in the instrumental music genre by Brian Kelly.
The generated text is : Tom Simon and Sarah Teale both directed and produced ‘Death on a Factory Farm'.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva's current residence is in the United States with one of its leaders John Roberts.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : The duration of the movie ´English Without Tears´, directed by Harold French, is 89 minutes.
The generated text is : The IMDb ID of Terence Rattigan is 0711905.
The generated text is : Ed Lee, the politician, is a leader in San Francisco.
The generated text is : English Without Tears was an 89 minute film that was released on July 28th, 1944. It was written by Anatole de Grunwald and Terence Rattigan. Grunwald also produced it and Bernard Knowles was the cinematographer.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson was born 1726-01-01 in Darlington and resided in India before her death on February 18, 1776.
The generated text is : Mermaid, the song by Train, was released on the Sony Music Entertainment and Columbia Records record labels and was produced by the Espionage production team. It has a total runtime of three minutes and sixteen seconds and is in the reggae music genre. The song‘s release was followed by the release of the band’s cover of the John Lennon song Imagine.
The generated text is : The Train song Mermaid belonging to California 37 Train album was written by Pat Monahan and produced by the production team Espionage. The song Mermaid which was distributed in the digital format was followed by the release of Imagine by John Lennon performed by Train.
The generated text is : McVeagh of the South Seas is produced by the Progressive Motion Picture Company.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy was born in Turkey and is a Turkish citizen.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva, born in Leningrad, USSR as "Olga Nikolaevna Bondareva", worked in the fields of Mathematics and Economics before the date of her death on the ninth of December 1991.
The generated text is : The 94-minute movie It's Great to Be Young, which has taken 282,838 pounds at the box office, was come up with John Mills as main role and Cyril Frankel as director.
The generated text is : It's Great to Be Young, a 1956 film directed by Cyril Frankel, runs for 94 minutes. Max Benedict, who started working in 1947, edited the film.
The generated text is : The film McVeagh of the South Seas was written by and starred the actor Harry Carey, who was born in 1878. The film was produced by the Progressive Motion Picture Company and distributed by Alliance Films Corporation. The film can be found in IMDb under the ID 0004319.
The generated text is : The post-metal album, Nord, was produced by sludge metal band, Year of No light and released on 2006-09-06. The album runs for 58.41 minutes and followed The Year of No Light's demo album from 2004.
The generated text is : The song Mermaid belongs to the musical band Train.
The generated text is : The album Expect a Miracle is of the instrumental music genre.
The generated text is : The album Turn Me On, produced by Wharton Tiers is followed by the album Take It Off which is produced by the American band the Honeymoon Killers. and the EP titled 'Til Death Do Us Part came after.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson was born in the Kingdom of England in a town called Darlington. Darlington is located in North East of England and the OS grid reference is NZ289147.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Physicist Brandon Carter, known for his proof of the no-hair theorem and the invention of the Carter constant, was born in England and attended the University of Cambridge, where his doctoral advisor, Dennis William Sciama, prepared him for success in the field of General Relativity.
The generated text is : The spouse of Tom Sizemore is Maeve Quinlan.
The generated text is : It's Great to Be Young is a 1956 movie that was directed by Cyril Frankel, composed by Louis Levy, written by Ted Willis and starred John Mills. Gilbert Taylor was the cinematographer. The film cost £282,838 and had a running time of 94 minutes.
The generated text is : McVeagh of the South Seas' IMDb id is 0004319.
The generated text is : The Bootleg Series Volume I: The Quine Tapes recorded in San Francisco, preceded the Velvet Underground album Squeeze.
The generated text is : Citizen of the United States, Darinka Dentcheva, is known for Stochastic programming and was influenced by the work of Andrzej Piotr Ruszczyński.
The generated text is : Tokat’s area code is +90 356.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter, a professional in the field of general relativity, is known for the Carter constant.
The generated text is : The compilation album Expect a Miracle by Brian Kelly has a run time of 54.56. It was preceded by the album Pools of Light.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva's (born in Leningrad, part of the USSR.) whose alma mater is Leningrad State University is known for the Bondareva-Shapley theorem.
The generated text is : Brian Kelly's "Expect a Miracle" is of instrumental music genre.
The generated text is : English Lady Anne Monson was born in Darlington (grid reference NZ289147) in the Kingdom of England. Of course, this was before its dissolution in 1707.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter (born in January 1, 1942) is a physicist whose professional field was on General Relativity, known for invention of the Carter constant and proving the no-hair theorem. His doctoral advisor was Dennis William Sciama.
The generated text is : Super Capers is a film distributed by Roadside Attractions.
The generated text is : The Bootleg Series Volume I: The Quine Tapes are in the rock music genre of which proto-punk is a subgenre of.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : The 94-minutes movie It's Great to Be Young (1956) was directed by Cyril Frankel, written by Ted Willis, and composed by Louis Levy.
The generated text is : Super Capers is an English-language film that is 98 minutes long, distributed by Roadside Attractions, edited by Stacy Katzman and stars Tom Sizemore and Michael Rooker.
The generated text is : Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes's genre is rock, 230.05 minutes long, was preceded by the album Squeeze, & was recorded through Polydor Records. The Bootleg Series Volume I: The Quine Tapes is produced by The Velvet Underground. who created the album Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes.
The generated text is : "Death on a Factory Farm" a film broadcasted by HBO was edited by Geof Bartz with music composed by Jamie Lawrence.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva who was born in Leningrad, USSR, graduated from Leningrad State University, is working in the field of Mathematics and Economics.
The generated text is : Followed by the release of Imagine by John Lennon, the song Mermaid on Train's California 37 album is a digitally distributed reggae song produced by the product team Espionage.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter, born in England, became well known for his Anthropic principle theory.
The generated text is : The company Roadside Attractions was founded in 2003.
The generated text is : Indian is the demonym for the people of India.
The generated text is : English Without Tears. an Anatole de Grunwald produced film directed by Harold French, features music composed by Nicholas Brodszky.
The generated text is : Punk blues is the genre of the album Turn Me On.
The generated text is : This'll be my year by Train was followed by Mermaid.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva, born on January 1, 1958, is known for her work with stochastic programming.
The generated text is : Sarah Teale directed Death on a Factory Farm.
The generated text is : The Velvet Underground made the album called “Andy Warhol's Velvet Underground Featuring Nico” then Squeeze then Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes. The latter was recorded under the Polydor Records record label in London.
The generated text is : Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes is a rock album that also fits into the proto-punk genre. It was produced by the Velvet Underground.
The generated text is : A native of North Elmham, John Mills starred as the leading role in the 1956 movie, It's Great to Be Young.
The generated text is : The Year of No Light album Nord was preceded by Year of No Light's album Demo 2004 and runtime is 58.41 minutes. The Year of No Light album Nord was released on the date 2006-09-06, is in the post-metal genre, was released by the artist Year of No Light. and is categorized as sludge metal.
The generated text is : The album Nord by the Year of No Light, who also produced it was released on September 6, 2006 on record label Crucial Blast. Live at Roadburn 2008 was preceded by the album Nord.
The generated text is : Great to Be Young is a 1956 film directed by Cyril Frankel, composed music by Louis Levy, and edited by Max Benedict, who died in 1986.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Darlington is located in the North East of England.
The generated text is : Following the albums, Let it Breed and Love American Style, Turn me on was released at a length of 35 minutes and 10 seconds.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy, a Turkish citizen of Turkish nationality, is a resident of Istanbul. He was awarded the State Award for Superior Achievement.
The generated text is : Ted Willis wrote the 1956 movie It's Great to Be Young starring John Mills and Cecil Parker. Louis Levy composed music for the 94 minute movie which was edited by Max Benedict.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Nord is an album in the post metal genre by Year of No Light called Nord which was released by the record label Crucial blast and it was released on the E-Vinyl record label.
The generated text is : The artist of the Turn Me On album is the Honeymoon Killers.
The generated text is : Cyril Bruce directed the movie McVeagh of the South Seas written by Harry Carey who was born in 1878.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : The cinematographer of the movie English Without Tears is Bernard Knowles.
The generated text is : ´English Without Tears´, produced by Anatole de Grunwald and released on 28 July 1944, runs for 89 minutes. The songs used in ´English Without Tears´ were composed by Nicholas Brodszky.
The generated text is : The song Imagine belongs to the musician John Lennon.
The generated text is : The leader of India is called the President.
The generated text is : Tom Sizemore started performing in 1989.
The generated text is : Darlington, a city with a population of 106,000, was the birthplace of Lady Anne Monson.
The generated text is : Chief Justice is the title of one of the leaders of India.
The generated text is : San Francisco's Coordinated Universal Time Offset is minus seven hours.
The generated text is : The Bootleg Series Volume I: The Quine Tapes was recorded in St. Louis Missouri in the United States and was released on 10-16-2001. The album was preceded by the album Squeeze and is 230.05 minutes long.
The generated text is : Nord is an album by Year of No Light that was released on June 9th, 2006. The band followed Nord with the album Live at Roadburn 2008.
The generated text is : The Train song Mermaid which was released on 27th December 2012 followed their song This'll be my year and was written by Espen Lind. The song has a total runtime of 3.16 minutes.
The generated text is : The album Turn Me On is preceded by the album Let It Breed and is in the genres of Noise rock and Punk Blues. It has a runtime of 35.1 minutes.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Death on a Factory Farm, which was broadcasted by HBO, was directed by Tom Simon and edited by Geof Bartz.
The generated text is : Pools of Light by Brian Kelly preceded his instrumental music compilation album, Expect a Miracle (runtime 54.56).
The generated text is : Tom Simon is the director and producer of Death on a Factory Farm whereas Geof Bartz is the editor.
The generated text is : Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes was released on October, 16, 2001, has a run time of 230:05, and was preceded by Squeeze by The Velvet Underground.The Bootleg Series Volume I: The Quine Tapes was recorded in the United States but The Quine tapes were recorded in St. Louis, Missouri (but both are rock music genre).
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy's citizenship is Turkish.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : US citizen and New Jersey resident Darinka Dentcheva, born Jan 1st 1958, is known for her work - influenced by Andrzej Piotr Ruszczynski - in stochastic programming in the field of mathematical optimization.
The generated text is : The album Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes, produced and released by musical group The Velvet Underground, was recorded in the United States.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson ,a national of Kingdom of England was born in Darlington, England on 1726-01-01. With her spouse George Monson, she resided in India and died on February 18, 1776.
The generated text is : Released on the Crucial Blast Label, Nord is an album by post metal band The Year of No Light.
The generated text is : The Bootleg Series Volume I: The Quine Tapes is produced by The Velvet Underground who were also associated with the band Theatre of Eternal Music.
The generated text is : Cecil Parker had a main role in the 1956 film 'It’s Great to Be Young', which was directed by Cyril Frankel.
The generated text is : 'McVeagh of the South Seas' was written by Harry Carey and is registered in IMDb with the ID 0004319.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva's birth name was Olga Nikolaevna Bondareva.
The generated text is : Jamie Lawrence, who was born on March 8th, 1970 wrote music for the film "Death on a Factory Farm".
The generated text is : Lionsgate has Michael R Burns as a key person.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : The film Super Capers whose budget was 2000000.0 dollars and duration 98 minutes grossed $30,955.
The generated text is : 1.3 percent of the area of Turkey is water.
The generated text is : English Without Tears was produced by Anatole de Grunwald and directed by Harold French. The music was composed by Nicholas Brodszky and the cinematographer was Bernard Knowles.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson whose nationality is English resides in India was born in Darlington, Kingdom of England on 1st of January 1726 and died on 18th of February 1776.
The generated text is : The album Turn Me On (runtime 35.1 minutes) by the Honeymoon Killers self produced it along with Wharton Tiers. It was preceded by the album Let It Breed.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy a Turk citizen (an inhabitant of Turkey) resides in Istanbul which has the UTC offset as +2.
The generated text is : The American band, the Honeymoon Killers, self-produced its album, Turn Me On. Along with music producer Wharton Tiers, born January 1, 1953.
The generated text is : Expect a Miracle by Brian Kelly falls under both the instrumental genre and the easy listening genre.
The generated text is : Super Capers, which was distributed by Roadside Attractions and Lionsgate, had a budget of 2,000,000 dollars and a running time of 98 minutes. Super Capers, which is a movie in English, was written by Ray Griggs and edited by Stacy Katzman.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson, who was born on the date January 1, 1726, currently resides in India where the total population is 1293057000 and demonym for a person from India is Indian and she works in the professional field of Botany.
The generated text is : Super Capers is an English-language movie starring Michael Rooker and Tom Sizemore. It was edited by Stacy Katzman.
The generated text is : The Honeymoon Killers' album Turn Me On runs 35.1 minutes. The Honeymoon Killers also produced the album.
The generated text is : Gilbert Taylor was the cinematographer of the movie "It's Great to Be Young", which brought in 282,838 pounds at the box office. John Mills had a main role in the film.
The generated text is : After releasing their album Squeeze, music group the Velvet Underground produced and released rock music album Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes which they recorded in St Louis Missouri, USA. The album has a total run time of 230:05.
The generated text is : Born in 1878, Harry Carey was the director and actor in the film, 'McVeagh of the South Seas'. It was also distributed and directed by Gregory Allen and Alliance Films Corporation. It can be found on the IMDb with the id number of 0004319.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter was born on January 1, 1942 in England. He worked in the field of General Relativity where Dennis William Sciama was his doctoral advisor.
The generated text is : Death on a Factory Farm is directed by Sarah Teale and has a running time of 83.0.
The generated text is : The Honeymoon Killers, also associated with the band Pussy Galore, produced the album 'Turn Me On'.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : The Train followed their song Mermaid, which is an example of the reggae genre, was written by Amund Bjørklund, produced by Stargate, and has a length of 3 minutes and 16 seconds, with Imagine, a song by John Lennon.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva who was born in Leningrad, USSR on April 27, 1937 died in Saint Petersburg.
The generated text is : Dennis William Sciama was the doctoral advisor of Brandon Carter, who was born in England.
The generated text is : The song Mermaid by the band Train was produced by Espionage and written by Espen Lind and Amund Bjorklund. Mermaid is on the album California 37 which was distributed digitally and also includes John Lennon's song Imagine.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Anatole de Grunwald, born December 25, 1910, and Terence Rattigan wrote English Without Tears.
The generated text is : The Brian Kelly album Expect a Miracle, an album in the easy listening musical genre, was preceded by the album Pools of Light.
The generated text is : Year of No Light followed their album Nord, which they also produced, with the album Live at Roadburn 2008.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes is by The Velvet Underground with a runtime of 230:05, and was recorded in the United States.
The generated text is : Super Capers was written by Ray Griggs.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Alan Jaggs was a film editor for English Without Tears.
The generated text is : Wharton Tiers is the producer of the album ‘Turn Me On’ which was preceded by the album ‘Let it Breed’.
The generated text is : The total population of India is 1,293,057,000.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Turn Me On is a punk blues album of the musical genre known as noise rock.
The generated text is : Wharton Tiers is the producer of Take It Off!
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : The album Take It Off! was preceded by the album titled Turn Me On.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Brandon Carter, born January 1, 1942, had Dennis William Sciama as his doctoral advisor.
The generated text is : Lionsgate distributed Super Capers, a 98 minute long movie starring Tom Sizemore. Michael Rooker is also in the film which was distributed by Roadside Attractions.
The generated text is : Expect a Miracle, a compilation album with runtime of 54.56 was created and produced by composer & pianist Brian Kelly. It was preceded by the album Pools of Light.
The generated text is : Super Capers is starring Adam West.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy was born in Resadiye, Turkey. The country's official language is Turkish and their currency is the Turkish Lira.
The generated text is : Jamie Lawrence's date of birth was 1970-03-08.
The generated text is : Singing is a part of sludge metal.
The generated text is : The HBO broadcast film Death on a Factory Farm was directed by Tom Simon, who also served as the film’s producer with Sarah Teale. Geof Bartz edited the film.
The generated text is : Born in 1878, Harry Carey wrote and directed the film McVeagh of the South Seas. Cyril Bruce also directed the film.
The generated text is : The movie Super Capers which starred Justin Whalin was distributed by Lionsgate and Roadside Attractions (founded in 2003).
The generated text is : Michael Rooker was born on 6th April 1955.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter a physicist from University of Cambridge with his professional field as General Relativity is known for Carter constant and for proving the no-hair theorem. He was born in England on January 1, 1942. His doctoral advisor was Dennis William Sciama.
The generated text is : Super Capers stars Michael Rooker and Tom Sizemore. It’s distributed by Lionsgate and Roadside Attractions.
The generated text is : Stoner sludge is a musical variety of sludge metal.
The generated text is : English Without Tears was produced by Anatole de Grunwald and has an 89 minute duration.
The generated text is : The Train song Mermaid was written by the production team Stargate and Espen Lind. The music production team Stargate has worked with artists such as Benny Blanco and Michael Jackson.
The generated text is : Released in 1956, the movie It's Great to Be Young featured John Mills in the lead and Cyril Frankel as the director. Gilbert Taylor was the cinematographer for the 94-minute film, which received £282,838.
The generated text is : Expect a Miracle a compilation album, created and produced by Brian Kelly with runtime 54:56 is of instrumental music genre. It was preceded by the Brian Kelly album Pools of Light and followed by Afterplay by Brian Kelly.
The generated text is : English Without Tears, directed by Harold French, features music composed by Nicholas Brodszky.
The generated text is : Train's reggae song "Mermaid" was followed by the release of the pop song Imagine by John Lennon. This was then followed by Happy Xmas (War Is Over).
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson lived in the Kingdom of England and held British nationality, but resided in India for most of her life. She was a botanist and was married to George Monson.
The generated text is : The film Death on a Factory Farm, with a running time of 83.0, was produced by Tom Simon, edited by Geof Bartz, and had music composed by Jamie Lawrence.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva was born in Soviet Leningrad and died on 9 December 1991 in Saint Petersburg. She was an economist and was a known professional in the field of Mathematics.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson was born in the Kingdom of England and has an English Nationality, she died on 1776-02-18.
The generated text is : The Train song Mermaid was released under the record label Columbia Records.
The generated text is : The Train song Mermaid is available in the digital format.
The generated text is : "McVeagh of the South Seas" (IMDb ID 0004319) is a film written by and starring actor Harry Carey (born 1878). Carey also co-directed the film with Cyril Bruce.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva is an economist born on April 27, 1937. Her alma mater is Leningrad State University.
The generated text is : The film McVeagh of the South Seas has been written by Harry Carey, who was born in 1878.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Super Capers, starring Tom Lister Jr. was written by Ray Griggs. The film is 98 minutes long and made $30955.0 at the box office.
The generated text is : The American band, the Honeymoon Killers, self-produced its album called Turn Me On.
The generated text is : John Mills, who died in 2005, played a major role in It's Great to be Young, a 1956 film directed by Cyril Frankel. Cecil Parker starred in the film which was written by Ted Willis.
The generated text is : The Train song Mermaid from pop rock genre preceded John Lennon song Imagine which was a hit he followed up with Happy Xmas (war is over).
The generated text is : Tom Simon directed and produced the 83 minute movie Death on a Factory Farm which was released by HBO. Jamie Lawrence wrote the music for the movie which Geof Bartz edited.
The generated text is : Super Capers is an English movie that is distributed by Roadside Attractions and Lionsgate, which is a public company. The code for English is en in the ISO 639-1 standard.
The generated text is : The album Turn me on Produced by Wharton Tiers came before the album Take it off.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : The Year of No Light album Nord is in the sludge metal genre.
The generated text is : The genre of the Train band is pop rock.
The generated text is : Super Capers is a movie that stars Tom Sizemore and Michael Rooker. It is edited by Stacy Katzman and runs for 98 minutes. It is distributed by Lionsgate and Roadside Attractions. The movie is in English.
The generated text is : Mermaid is a song by the band Train and was produced by the Espionage production team. It was preceded by the song This'll be my year and was followed by the band’s cover of John Lennon’s Imagine. The song is in the reggae genre and has a total runtime of three minutes and sixteen seconds.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva, born January 1, 1958, is an alumni of Humboldt University and a professional in the field of mathematical optimization influenced by Andrzej Piotr Ruszczyński. She is also a United States citizen.
The generated text is : Alliance Films Corporation is the distributor for the film McVeagh of the South Seas.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy (born in Turkey) lives in Istanbul. 1.3 percent of the area of Turkey, an unitary state, is under water.
The generated text is : Michael Rooker played in Super Capers, which was written by Ray Griggs and directed by Ray Griggs (born in 1974).
The generated text is : Turn Me On is a punk blues album, punk blues uses many instruments, including the drum kit to create their sound.
The generated text is : The producer of the album Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes was the Velvet Underground.
The generated text is : This movie of 94 minutes, 'It's great to be young', from 1956 was directed by Cyril Frankel and Louis levy was the music composer.
The generated text is : The Year of No Light album Nord genre is post-metal genre was released on 2006-09-06.
The generated text is : Noise rock is the genre of the album Turn Me On.
The generated text is : John Mills plays the lead and Cecil Parker had a main role in the 1956 movie, It's Great to Be Young which was directed by Cyril Frankel.
The generated text is : Tom Simon was the producer and director of "Death on a Factory Farm".
The generated text is : English Without Tears was musically composed by Nicholas Brodszky and is edited by Alan Jaggs. All cinematography is done by Bernard Knowles and it has a run time of 89 minutes.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter was born on January 1, 1942. He graduated from the University of Cambridge and works in the professional field of General Relativity.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson (born in Darlington) on January 1, 1726 is English.
The generated text is : The Honeymoon Killers and Wharton Tiers are the producers of the Turn Me On album which has a total runtime of 35.1 minutes and was preceded by the album Let It Breed.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva was born on April 27, 1937 in Leningrad, USSR. Known for the Bondareva-Shapley theorem, she died in Saint Petersburg.
The generated text is : The Mermaid song produced by Espionage productions and written by Train is distributed digitally. The song was followed by the group’s song Imagine (initially performed by John Lennon).
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy is a citizen of the Republic of Turkey. Turkish is the primary language of that country.
The generated text is : Reggae has its stylistic origin in rhythm and blues.
The generated text is : McVeagh of the South Seas (IMDb ID 0004319) is directed by Cyril Bruce and Harry Carey. Carey, born in 1878, also wrote and starred in the film. McVeagh of the South Seas was produced by the Progressive Motion Picture Company and distributed by Alliance Films Corporation.
The generated text is : Super Capers starred Justin Whalin.
The generated text is : Bernard Knowles is the cinematographer of the movie English Without Tears which was written by Anatole de Grunwald.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson was born in Winchester, the capital of the Kingdom of England.
The generated text is : The Train song Mermaid has a length of 3 minutes and 16 seconds.
The generated text is : Musician John Lennon wrote and performed his hit song Imagine followed up with Happy Xmas (War is Over). The musical band Train's song Mermaid is followed by Imagine.
The generated text is : Film director Harold French directed English Without Tears.
The generated text is : The town of Resadiye is part of Tokat Province.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva (born on January 1, 1958) is a mathematician in the field of mathematical optimization who is known for her work with stochastic programming.
The generated text is : With a date of birth of April 27, 1937, Olga Bondareva, whose given name is Olga Nikolaevna Bondareva, is known for the Bondareva-Shapley theorem.
The generated text is : Harold French started his career as an actor in 1920.
The generated text is : Expect a Miracle, a compilation album produced by Brian Kelly, has a runtime of 54.56. It was preceded by Kelly's album Pools of Light.
The generated text is : The album Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes, which has a runtime of 230.05 minutes, was released on 10-16-2001.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson, spouse of George Monson, lived in the Kingdom of England at one point and held British nationality, despite residing in India most of her life.
The generated text is : It's Great to Be Young's composer Louis Levy was born on 1894-11-20.
The generated text is : Born on January 1st, 1942, Brandon Carter is a graduate of the University of Cambridge known for the Penrose diagram.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva died on the Russian city of St Petersburg, which was founded on the 27th May 1703.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter, who was born in England on 01-01-1942, has a doctoral advisor named Dennis William Sciama.
The generated text is : The Train song Mermaid in Columbia Records belongs to pop rock.
The generated text is : Johnny Colt and Charlie Colin are former members of the band train, who own the song, Mermaid.
The generated text is : Album produced by the band called Year of No Light. It's called Nord. Another, Altar of Plagues, is also associated with the band.
The generated text is : Known for the Bondareva-Shapley theorem, Olga Bondareva was once a student at Leningrad State University and an Economics professional.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter was born in England on January 1st, 1942. Brandon's doctoral studies at the University of Cambridge were advised by Dennis William Sciama. The chancellor of the University of Cambridge is David Sainsbury, Baron Sainsbury of Turville.
The generated text is : The Year of No Light album Live at Roadburn 2008 is followed by the album Karysun / Year of No Light.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva, born April 27, 1937, is known for the Bondareva-Shapley theorem.
The generated text is : Harry Carey (born, 1878) wrote and starred in the film McVeagh of the South Seas (IMDb ID, 0004319).
The generated text is : McVeagh of the South Seas with IMDb id of 0004319 which was produced by the Progressive Motion Picture company, starred Harry Carey, who was born in 1878.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Punk blues and Noise Rock are the genres of the album Turn Me On. The 35.1 minute album was produced by Wharton Tiers.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson was born in Darlington in England and was British.
The generated text is : Terence Rattigan is the writer of English Without Tears.
The generated text is : Adam West started his career from the year 1954.
The generated text is : Danielle Harris is starring in Super Capers which was written and directed by Ray Griggs.
The generated text is : Super Capers is a movie starring Michael Rooker and had a budget of $2,000,000. It was distributed by Lionsgate and Roadside Attractions.
The generated text is : John Mills starred in the 1957 film It's Great to Be Young which runs 94 minutes and costed £282,838.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : On July 28, 1994, a film produced by Anatole de Grunwald called English Without Tears released, featuring Nicholas Brodszky as both part of the non-performing personnel and composer.
The generated text is : John Lennon followed up his hit Imagine with Happy Xmas (War is Over).
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva who graduated from Leningrad State University, died in Saint Petersburg, a city in Russia. Saint Petersburg's acting governor was Georgy Poltavchenko.
The generated text is : Andrzej Piotr Ruszczyński works in the field of mathematical optimization.
The generated text is : Expect a Miracle was preceded by Pools of Light by Brian Kelly.
The generated text is : Turn Me On is a punk blues album produced by The Honeymoon Killers and it is an example of the musical genre known as noise rock.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva, whose birth name was Olga Nikolaevna Bondareva, is known for the Bondareva-Shapley theorem.
The generated text is : Tom Simon directed the movie "Death on a Factory Farm" and also shared the production with Sarah Teale. The film was originally broadcasted on HBO. Geof Bartz edited the movie, and the film’s music was composed by Jamie Lawrence.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson was born in England but had her residence in India which has total area of 3287590000000.0. Pranab Mukherjee was a leader of India.
The generated text is : Super Capers is written and directed by Ray Griggs. It stars Adam West and accumulated a box office of $30,955.
The generated text is : Michael Rooker played in Super Capers, an English-language film starring Tom Sizemore.
The generated text is : Super Capers is an English-language film starring Tom Sizemore and featuring Michael Rooker. The 98-minute film was edited by Stacy Katzman.
The generated text is : Music group the Velvet Underground released their Rock music album Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes on 2001-10-16. The album was released by record labels Polydor and Universal Music Group. It was preceded by the band’s album Squeeze.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva, United States of America ('United States') citizen and Humboldt University graduate, is known for her work with stochastic programming.
The generated text is : The Quine tapes were recorded in St. Louis, Missouri.
The generated text is : Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes was recorded in St. Louis Missouri and San Francisco. The latter is on Pacific Time.
The generated text is : The 94 minute film It's Great to Be Young (1956) which received £282,838, was directed by Cyril Frankel and Louis Levy was the music composer.
The generated text is : The band Train's record label is Warner Music Group.
The generated text is : "Death on a Factory Farm" was directed by Sarah Teale and Tom Simon, with the music composed by Jamie Lawrence.
The generated text is : Super Capers is an English film, a language spoken in Great Britain. The film stars Michael Rooker and Tom Sizemore, who started acting in 1989.
The generated text is : Imagine is a pop song by John Lennon.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter's alma mater is the University of Cambridge affiliated with the League of European Research Universities.
The generated text is : Expect a Miracle an instrumental music genre , was followed by Brian Kelly's Afterplay album.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : One of the leaders of Turkey is the president.
The generated text is : Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes created and produced by The Velvet Underground was recorded in St. Louis, Missouri, United States. It has a runtime of 230.05 minutes.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy was born on January 1, 1934, in Turkey.
The generated text is : The band, the Honeymoon Killers, self produced their punk blues album titled, Turn Me On.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson lived in the Kingdom of England and held British nationality.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : India was founded on January 26th, 1950.
The generated text is : The song Mermaid by the music band The Train is from the reggae genre, but in general the Train band play pop rock.
The generated text is : It's Great to Be Young, the 94-minute, 1956 film, received £282,838. The lead was played by John Mills, and the music was composed by Louis Levy. Gilbert Taylor was responsible for the cinematography.
The generated text is : The run time of the album Turn Me On is 35.1 minutes.
The generated text is : “It’s great to be young”, a 1956 film starring Cecil Parker was written by Ted Willis and edited by Max Benedict.
The generated text is : The film Super Capers is directed by Ray Griggs and is 98 minutes long. It’s distributed by Lionsgate and Roadside Attractions.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy a Turkish national, born on 1934-01-01 , has a residence in Istanbul.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter is known for the Carter Constant and also for his contributions to the no-hair theorem.
The generated text is : Terence Rattigan, born on 1 January 1911, is the writer of screen play 'English Without Tears'.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Brandon Carter is known for the invention of the Carter constant.
The generated text is : The John Lennon song Imagine is certified by FIMI.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Nord was produced by Year of No Light. The band followed Nord with Live at Roadburn 2008, which was produced by the Roadburn festival. Year of No Light's next album was Karysun / Year of No Light.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy currently resides in Turkey but has a residence in Istanbul. The current leader of Turkey is Binali Yildirim but Recep Tayyip Erdogan has also been a leader of Turkey, too.
The generated text is : The Train song, Mermaid, was written by Amund Bjørklund.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson was born in Darlington on January 1, 1726.
The generated text is : McVeagh of the South Seas is in the IMDb under the Id 0004319. The film stars the director Harry Carey who is a main protagonist. He was born in 1878 and the movie itself became distributed under Progressive Motion Picture Company.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva’s professional field is mathematics and Economics.
The generated text is : It’s Great to Be Young is a 1956 film starring John Mills and directed by Cyril Frankel. It lasts 94 minutes, and it grossed £282,838. The film’s cinematographer was Gilbert Taylor, and music was written by Louis Levy.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : The movie It's Great to Be Young was directed by Cyril Frankel, who is a television director.
The generated text is : The Train song Mermaid, which is written in the reggae music genre, is followed by the song Imagine by John Lennon.
The generated text is : The Year of No Light album Nord, which has a runtime of is 58.41, followed the band’s previous album Demo 2004.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy was born in Turkey on January 1, 1934. He was awarded the State Award for Superior Achievement. Nurhan is still a citizen of Turkey and currently lives there in the Teşvikiye neighborhood.
The generated text is : The album Nord was released on September 6, 2006.
The generated text is : The length of 1956's film "It's Great to Be Young" is 94 minutes.
The generated text is : The song Mermaid by Train is on Columbia Records under the Sony Music Entertainment record label.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva’s birth name was Olga Nikolaevna Bondareva. She was a student at Leningrad State University and was known for the Bondareva-Shapley Theorem. She later died in St. Petersburg.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva graduated from Leningrad State University.
The generated text is : The song Mermaid was performed by the musical band Train. It was written by band members Espen Lind and Amund Bjorklund in the reggae genre and has a total length of three minutes and sixteen seconds. The song was produced by the production team Espionage and the band followed it up with a cover of John Lennon’s Imagine.
The generated text is : Adam West is starring in Super Capers film distributed by Roadside Attractions and Lionsgate.
The generated text is : "Mermaid" is a song on Train's "California 37" album.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva, born "Olga Nikolaevna Bondareva" on April 27th, 1937, died in Saint Petersburg.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter is known for the Doomsday argument.
The generated text is : Digital distribution is a service of Lionsgate.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva, who worked in the fields of economics and mathematics, died on December 9th, 1991.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva is from New Jersey, United States. The Vice President of the United States is a leader.
The generated text is : The duration of the movie ´English Without Tears´ is 89 minutes.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson (born January 1, 1726, in Darlington, Kingdom of England) studied botany and died on February 18, 1776.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Born in 1878, Harry Carey was a movie actor who starred in McVeagh of the South Seas, directed by Cyril Bruce.
The generated text is : Live at Roadburn 2008 was preceded by the album Nord.
The generated text is : Proto-punk band, The Velvet Underground recorded the album Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : The genre of Turn Me On is punk blues, whose stylistic origin is garage rock.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter (born in England) is a physicist in the field of General Relativity. He is a graduate of the University of Cambridge, where his advisor was Dennis William Sciama.
The generated text is : Written by Anatole de Grunwald, the film English Without Tears is 89 minutes in duration.
The generated text is : Andy Warhol's Velvet Underground Featuring Nico is the predecessor of Squeeze by The Velvet Underground and Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes which is released in 2001-10-16.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson was born on January 1, 1726 in Darlington which is a part of the Kingdom of England. She was married to George Monson and died on February 18, 1776.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva, born Olga Nikolaevna Bondareva, was born on April 27, 1937. She graduated from Leningrad State University and is known for the Bondareva-Shapley theorem. Bondareva passed away in Saint Petersburg on December 9th, 1991.
The generated text is : English Without Tears is a film with a running time of 89 minutes, which was edited by Alan Jaggs, with Nicholas Brodszky as the music composer.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson is an English woman who resided in India; she passed away 1776-02-18.
The generated text is : Nicholas Brodszky was a part of non-performing personnel.
The generated text is : The John Lennon song Imagine is preceded by Power to the People.
The generated text is : Dennis William Sciama is the doctoral advisor of Brandon Carter, who is known for the Carter constant.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva, a United States citizen, was born on January 1, 1958 and works in the mathematical optimization field.
The generated text is : Stacy Katzman edited Super Capers starring Michael Rooker and Tom Sizemore.
The generated text is : "Mermaid", which was the song elected by Train to follow "This'll be my Year," is a 3 minutes and 16 seconds long musical piece written by the songwriting team of Amund Bjorklund and Espen Lind. After the December 27, 2012 release of Mermaid, Train followed up with a rendition of the iconic John Lennon song, "Imagine."
The generated text is : Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes is 230.05 minutes long, was recorded through Polydor Records and then released by the record label Universal Music Group on October 16th 2001.
The generated text is : The film English Without Tears (release date 7-28-1944) is directed by Harold French. The music is composed by Nicholas Brodszky with the editing done by Alan Jaggs. The film duration is 89 minutes.
The generated text is : Georgy Poltavchenko was an acting governor of Saint Petersburg.
The generated text is : Tom Simon is the producer of Death on a Factory Farm.
The generated text is : The Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes were recorded in San Francisco where the area code was 628. The location that the Bootleg Series The Quine Tapes Volume 1 was recorded was in St. Louis Missouri.
The generated text is : The full name of Turkey is the "Republic of Turkey"
The generated text is : Lionsgate is located in the United States.
The generated text is : Super Capers is an English-language movie starring Michael Rooker and Tom Sizemore. Its duration is 98 minutes.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva, born on January 1, 1958, is a professional in the field of mathematical optimization. She is a US citizen and was influenced by Andrzej Piotr Ruszczyński.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : The Year of No Light album Nord is in the post-metal genre, which was released on the Crucial Blast label on the date 2006-09-06 and the record was labelled by E-Vinyl.
The generated text is : Geof Bartz is the editor of Death on a Factory Farm.
The generated text is : The film ‘Death on a Factory Farm’ lasts 83 minutes.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : 'McVeagh of the South Seas' was directed by Cyril Bruce and actor Harry Carey, born in 1878. Harry Carey also played in the film.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva's professional fields are mathematics and Economics and was born on April 27, 1937.
The generated text is : The genre of the album Nord is sludge metal, which has stylistic origins in hardcore punk.
The generated text is : David Sainsbury (Baron Sainsbury of Turville) and Leszek Borysiewicz hold the positions of Chancellor and Vice Chancellor, respectively, at Englishman Brandon Carter's alma mater, the University of Cambridge.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy, a Turkish national, resides in Istanbul in the country of Turkey, where the capital city is Ankara and some people are irreligious.
The generated text is : The box office of Super Capers is $30955.0.
The generated text is : The artist the Honeymoon Killers released their noise rock and punk blues album, Turn Me On.
The generated text is : Super Capers is an English-language film.
The generated text is : Born in Resadiye, Nurhan Atasoy now resides in Tesvikiye as a recipient of the State Award for Superior Achievement.
The generated text is : It's Great to Be Young's music was composed by Louis Levy.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Lionsgate is in the entertainment industry.
The generated text is : The album Expect a Miracle, an instrumental music album by Brian Kelly, was preceded by the album Pools of Light and followed by the album Afterplay.
The generated text is : Members of Year of No Light include a former guitarist for the band Monarch.
The generated text is : The child of John Mills is called Juliet Mills.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : The John Lennon song Imagine is produced by Phil Spector.
The generated text is : Expect a Miracle is an easy listening album produced and written by Brian Kelly.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy was born in Resadiye, Turkey. In total Atasoy's Turkey has an area total of 783,356 kilometers squared.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter was born in England on January 1st, 1942. He graduated from the University of Cambridge, where Dennis William Sciama was his doctoral advisor. Carter is known for his Doomsday argument.
The generated text is : Punk blues' origin is garage rock.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter, born in England on January 1st, 1942, is known for the No-hair theorem.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : English Without Tears is a film written and produced by Anatole de Grunwald. Bernard Knowles was in charge of the cinematography.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter, born on 01-01-1942, is a University of Cambridge alumnus.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Broadcast programming is a service of Lionsgate.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy, born January 1st, 1934, is a citizen of Turkey and at one time lived in Istanbul.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy once lived in Istanbul, where the Mayor is the leader.
The generated text is : Brian Kelly's album Pools of Light precedes Expect a Miracle which was then followed by the Afterplay album.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter, a physicist in General Relativity advised by Dennis William Sciama known for the invention of the Carter Constant and his proof of the no-hair theorem, was born in England.
The generated text is : The genre of the album Nord is post-metal.
The generated text is : Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes was preceded by Squeeze by The Velvet Underground.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy (born in Turkey on January 1, 1934) is a Turkish citizen who resides in Istanbul.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy, winner of the State Award for Superior Achievement, was born in Reşadiye.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Super Capers was distributed by Lionsgate and Roadside Attractions. Lionsgate is a programming service and distributor.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva (born January 1, 1958) is a mathematician, who graduated from Humboldt University. Her field of study was mathematical optimisation, and she is known for her work with stochastic programming.
The generated text is : English Without Tears was an 89 minute movie that was released on July 28th 1944. The writer and producer of the film, was Anatole de Grunwald and the director was Harold French. Alan Jaggs was the editor while Nicholas Brodszky was the musical composer.
The generated text is : United States' motto is "In God we trust".
The generated text is : The album Nord, released on September 6, 2006 is in the sludge metal and post-metal genres.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva's birth name is "Olga Nikolaevna Bondareva" and she was born on April 27, 1937 in Leningrad, USSR.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva was born on January 1st, 1958.
The generated text is : Harold French directed English without Tears.
The generated text is : Harold French directed the 89 minute movie English Without Tears which was released on July 28, 1944. Anatole de Grunwald was the producer of the movie which had Nicholas Brodszky as the music composer and Alan Jaggs as the editor.
The generated text is : The soundtrack for the film English Without Tears, written and produced by Anatole de Grunwald, was done by Nicholas Brodszky. Alan Jaggs was the film editor, and Bernard Knowles was the cinematographer.
The generated text is : 628 is an area code in San Francisco.
The generated text is : It's Great to Be Young starred Cecil Parker, who was born in 1897.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva, known for the Bondareva-Shapley theorem, was born on April 27, 1937 and died in Saint Petersburg.
The generated text is : Expect A Miracle is followed by the album Afterplay.
The generated text is : Let it Breed was preceded by the album Love American Style.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva influenced by Andrzej Piotr Ruszczynski, is a United States citizen born on born January 1st, 1958. The total area of the United States is 9833520000000.0 km.
The generated text is : Reşadiye is a town in Turkey.
The generated text is : Lionsgate is a company with Jon Feltheimer as a key person.
The generated text is : The Bootleg Series Volume I: The Quine Tapes created and produced by The Velvet Underground with runtime of 230.05 minutes was released by the record labels Polydor Records and Universal Music Group. The Rock music genre album is preceded by the Velvet Underground album Squeeze.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Istanbul's time zone is Eastern European Time.
The generated text is : The United Kingdom born Cyril Frankel directed the 1956 movie It's Great to be Young.
The generated text is : Michael R Burns and Jon Feltheimer played key roles for the company Lionsgate in the distribution of the film "Super Capers," starring Michael Rooker and directed by Ray Griggs.
The generated text is : The album Turn Me On was followed by Take It Off!
The generated text is : Anatole de Grunwald, who was born on December 25, 1910, was the producer of English Without Tears.
The generated text is : The Year of No Light album Nord's record label is Crucial Blast.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva's alma mater is Humboldt University.
The generated text is : Super Capers is a 98 minute film that had a budget of 2 million and grossed $30,955. The film was written and directed by Ray Griggs and was edited by Stacy Katzman.
The generated text is : It's Great to Be Young features music by Louis Levy, who was born in England.
The generated text is : Train followed Mermaid with Imagine, a song by John Lennon produced by Phil Spector's production team Espionage.
The generated text is : Universal Music Group (by parent company Vivendi) is the record label of Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes by the band The Velvet Underground of which Lou Reed is a former member.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy, born on January 1, 1934 in Turkey, is a Turkish national, a citizen of Turkey, who resides in Istanbul, Turkey.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy was born in Turkey, which encompasses 783,356 square kilometers.
The generated text is : Cyril Bruce and the actor Harry Carey, the latter also being the author, both born in 1878, directed the movie " McVeagh of the South Seas" which was produced by the Progressive Motion Picture Company and distributed by Alliance Films Corporation.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva was born in Leningrad in the USSR on April 27th 1937. She died in the city of Saint Petersburg which was founded on May 27 1703.
The generated text is : The Train song Mermaid was preceded by the song This'll be my year. Mermaid was followed by the John Lennon song Imagine. The song Imagine was followed with Happy Xmas (War is Over) by John Lennon.
The generated text is : Expect a Miracle has a runtime of 54.56 minutes.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva died in Saint Petersburg, a city founded in May 27, 1703. Its leader is known as a Governor.
The generated text is : The sludge metal album Nord was produced by the band Year of No Light.
The generated text is : Michael Rooker played in Super Capers.
The generated text is : Ray Griggs wrote Super Capers, which stars Justin Whalin.
The generated text is : It's Great to be young is a 1956 film that is 94 mites long and took in 282,838 pounds at the box office. It was directed by Cyril Frankel and the cinematographer was Gilbert Taylor. The film starred Cecil Parker and John Mills had a main role.
The generated text is : The compilation album Expect a Miracle was authored and produced by Brian Kelly and preceded by his album Pools of Light. The album has a runtime of 54.56 minutes and Kelly followed it up with the album Afterplay.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva’s alma mater is Humboldt University. She now resides in New Jersey, which is in the United States.
The generated text is : English Without Tears was released on July 7th 1944. The editing of the film is done by Alan Jaggs and the music was made by Nicholas Brodszky. It was 89 minutes long.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva, born "Olga Nikolaevna Bondareva" and former student at Leningrad State University, was an economist who died in Saint Petersburg on December 9, 1991.
The generated text is : Bernard Knowles was the cinematographer of the film "English Without Tears' which was edited by Alan Jaggs and produced by Anatole de Grunwald.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva, a mathematician working in the field of mathematical optimization, developed a theory influenced by Andrzej Piotr Ruszczyński.
The generated text is : Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes was released on October, 16, 2001.
The generated text is : The official long name for India is "Republic of India".
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva, who resides in New Jersey, United States, graduated Humboldt University and is known for stochastic programming having developed a theory influenced by Andrzej Piotr Ruszczyński.
The generated text is : Max Benedict has been active professionally since 1947.
The generated text is : John Mills was married to Mary Hayley Bell.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva is a mathematician working in the field of mathematical optimization who is known for her work with stochastic programming.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson died on February 18th, 1776.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : The song Mermaid by the musical band Train was released under the record labels Columbia Records and Sony Music Entertainment. The song has a total runtime of 3.16 minutes.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva, born January 1, 1958, is a United states Citizen.
The generated text is : Nord is a post-metal album by Year of No Light, released under the record label Crucial Blast.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson resided in India with her husband George before her death on February 2, 1776.
The generated text is : The album Turn Me On, which has a runtime of 35.1 minutes, was preceded by the album Let It Breed.
The generated text is : John Mills and Cecil Parker star in the movie It's Great to Be Young. Mills was married to Mary Hayley Bell and Aileen Raymond.
The generated text is : The album Turn Me On, a punk blues album, is by the American band The Honeymoon Killers.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter (born on January 1st 1942) was advised by Dennis William Sciama for his doctorate in General Relativity, Carter's professional field.
The generated text is : Expect a Miracle, produced by Brian Kelly, is a compilation album with a runtime of 54.56.
The generated text is : The 1956 film "It's Great to be Young" lasted for 94 minutes and starred Cecil Parker. The director was Cyril Frankel and the cinematographer was Gilbert Taylor. The film music was composed by Louis Levy.
The generated text is : The film "It's Great to Be Young" was edited by Max Benedict, contained music composed by Louis Levy, and featured Gilbert Taylor as the cinematographer.
The generated text is : Recorded under the Polydor Records record label, the album Bootleg Series Volume 1: the Quine Tapes fits into the Rock music genre.
The generated text is : David Sainsbury, also known as the Baron Sainsbury of Turville, is the chancellor of the University of Cambridge.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy resides in Tesvikiye.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy was born on January 1, 1934 in Turkey. He once lived in Istanbul.
The generated text is : Super Capers is a film distributed by Roadside Attractions and Lionsgate, with a running time of 98 minutes. Super Capers, which is an English-language film, was edited by Stacy Katzman.
The generated text is : Justin Whalin worked as a presenter.
The generated text is : With a runtime of 54.56 minutes, the Brian Kelly album Expect a Miracle was preceded by the album Pools of Light.
The generated text is : Born on January 1, 1958, Darinka Dentcheva is a United states Citizen who is widely known for Stochastic programming as well as a professional in the field of mathematical optimization. Having attended Humboldt University, Darinka Dentcheva was influenced by Andrzej Piotr Ruszczyński.
The generated text is : The Quine Tapes, from record label Polydor Records, were recorded in San Francisco and preceded by the album Squeeze.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter, known for the Carter Constant and his contributions to the no-hair theorem, was born in England on the first day of the year, 1942. Carter specialised in General Relativity and his doctoral advisor was Dennis William Sciama.
The generated text is : Within the United States Joe Biden is one of its top officials whilst John Roberts is one of its leaders. Darinka Dentcheva currently resides in New Jersey of the United States.
The generated text is : Cyril Frankel was born in the United Kingdom.
The generated text is : Harold French was born in the United Kingdom.
The generated text is : Tom Simon directed and produced the film ‘Death on a Factory Farm’, which was broadcasted by HBO. Geof Bartz on the other hand edited the film.
The generated text is : The album Nord was released on September 6, 2006, produced by Year of No Light, and is an album by Year of No Light.. Live at Roadburn 2008 was preceded by the album Nord, is in the sludge metal genre, and their record label is Crucial Blast.
The generated text is : The HBO film Death on a Factory Farm was produced and directed by Tom Simon. The film, which runs 83 minutes, was edited by Geof Bartz.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy, born of Turkish nationality in Turkey on the date 1 January 1934, has a residence in Istanbul.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson was born on January 1st, 1726 in Darlington, England.
The generated text is : The song "Mermaid" by Train was originally written by Espen Lind and released under the record label of Sony Music Entertainment.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson was from the Kingdom of England whose capital city was Winchester.
The generated text is : Expect a miracle is of the easy listening genre of instrumental music genre which has a run time of 54:56.
The generated text is : The total area of New Jersey is 22,591.38 km^2.
The generated text is : Nord, a sludge metal album recorded and produced by Year of No Light, was followed by their album Live at Roadburn 2008.
The generated text is : Punk blues and noise rock are the genres of the album Turn me on. The stylistic origin of punk blues and noise rock are from noise music and garage rock respectively.
The generated text is : Super Capers is a movie starring Tom Lister Jr.
The generated text is : The population density in metro Istanbul is 2691.0.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson, born in England, was a botanist. She was married to George Monson and died on February 18, 1776.
The generated text is : Album The Bootleg Series Volume I: The Quine Tapes has a runtime of 230.05 minutes and was recorded in St. Louis Missouri, USA. This album was preceded by the album Squeeze.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : John Mills and Cecil Parker had lead and main roles, respectively, in the 1956 film It’s Great to be Young. The music composer for the movie was Louis Levy.
The generated text is : Jamie Lawrence wrote the musical score for the film Death on a Factory Farm, which was directed by Tom Simon.
The generated text is : The director of the 1956 movie It's Great to Be Young is Cyril Frankel.
The generated text is : The song Mermaid is off the album California 37 by the band Train, followed by Mermaid, and belongs to the album Imagine by John Lennon.
The generated text is : English Without Tears is a film released on 28th July 1944.
The generated text is : Harold French was a film director.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : The Bootleg Series Volume I: The Quine Tapes was recorded through Polydor Records and released by Universal Music Group in the United States. The key person at Universal Music Group is Lucian Grainge.
The generated text is : The song Mermaid written by Amund Bjorklund and Train , produced by Stargate is off the album California 37 by the band Train. It was distributed digitally by the production team Espionage.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy was born in Turkey on 1934-01-01. He is a Turkish citizen.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson was born in Darlington which is also known as the Kingdom of England.
The generated text is : The movie Super Capers stars the actor Tom Sizemore.
The generated text is : The rock album Bootleg Series Volume I: The Quine Tapes was recorded in San Francisco prior to the album Squeeze.
The generated text is : The album Nord created and produced by Year of No Light is in sludge metal and post metal genre. Nord was released on 06-09-2006 and was followed by the album Live at Roadburn in 2008.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva resides in New Jersey, United States where the national language is English.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy, who was born on 1 January 1934, has a Turkish nationality.
The generated text is : Turkey is a unitary state that is the birthplace of Nurhan Atasoy.
The generated text is : Harry Carey (born in 1878) was an actor in McVeagh of the South Seas, a film (IMDb id, 0004319) directed by Cyril Bruce.
The generated text is : Olga Bondareva (born on April 27, 1937 and died in Saint Petersburg) her birth name was Olga Nikolaevna Bondareva. She graduated from Leningrad State University and is known for Bondareva-Shapley theorem.
The generated text is : Brian Kelly is the author of "Expect a Miracle", an album produced by Brian Kelly.
The generated text is : John Mills and Cecil Parker played the leading roles in the movie 'It's Great to Be Young', released in 1956. J. Mills later died in Denham, Buckinghamshire.
The generated text is : Andrzej Piotr Ruszczyński is known for stochastic programming.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson was born in Darlington, England in 1726 on January, 1. She died on 1776-02-18.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva is a citizen of the United States, where the Vice President is considered one of its leaders.
The generated text is : The writer and the actor Harry Carey of the movie McVeagh of the South Seas (IMDb id: 0004319), which was directed by Cyril Bruce, was born in 1878.
The generated text is : The Year of No Light album, Live at Roadburn 2008, was produced by Roadburn Festival.
The generated text is : The song Mermaid by Train (written by Pat Monahan and produced by Espionage) was followed by the release of Imagine by John Lennon performed by Train.
The generated text is : The total area of the United States is 9833520000000.
The generated text is : Adam West, who was born in the year 1928, had a main role in the movie Super Capers.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter, born on 01-01-1942 in England, is well known for Anthropic principle theory and with the Doomsday argument. His alma mater is the University of Cambridge and his doctoral advisor is Dennis William Sciama.
The generated text is : Noise pop is a fusion genre that includes elements from, among others, noise rock. An example of noise rock is the punk blues album Turn Me On.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson was born on January 1, 1726.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy (born in Turkey) currently resides in Turkey where she has a residence in Istanbul. Her nationality is that of Turkish people.
The generated text is : Tom Simon directed the film ‘Death on a Factory Farm’.
The generated text is : The album Turn Me On by Honeymoon Killers with run time 35.1 minutes is punk blues and noise rock genre.
The generated text is : The producer of the album Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes (recorded under the Polydor Records label on Universal Music Group) was the Velvet Underground.
The generated text is : Formerly a resident of Istanbul, Nurhan Atasoy speaks the Turkish language and currently resides in Turkey.
The generated text is : Born Cecil Schwabe, in 1956 Cecil Parker starred in the movie It's Great To Be Young. This movie also starred John Mills, who died in Denham, Buckinghamshire.
The generated text is : New Jersey has an area of water that is 3, 544.04 km^2.
The generated text is : The musical band Train song Mermaid, produced by the team Espionage was followed by "Imagine", a FIMI certified song by John Lennon.
The generated text is : Cyril Frankel worked as a television director.
The generated text is : The length of 1956's film "It's Great to Be Young" is 94 minutes and was directed by Cyril Frankel.
The generated text is : The Bootleg Series Volume I: The Quine Tapes was recorded through Polydor Records and preceded by the Velvet Underground and album Squeeze.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy resides currently in Turkey.
The generated text is : Brandon Carter (b. Jan. 1, 1942) had Dennis William Sciama as his doctoral advisor at his alma mater the University of Cambridge, where David Sainsbury, also known as Baron Sainsbury of Turville, is the chancellor.
The generated text is : The pop rock genre song Mermaid by Train had been preceded by the song This'll Be My Year and followed by the release of Imagine by John Lennon performed by Train. The John Lennon song Imagine was preceded by the song Power to the People and followed by Happy Xmas (War Is Over).
The generated text is : Hayley Mills is a child of John Mills.
The generated text is : Terence Rattigan died in 30/11/1977.
The generated text is : Anatole de Grunwald, who was born in Saint Petersburg, was the producer of "English Without Tears."
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : The ISO 639-2 code of the English Language is eng.
The generated text is : Charlie Colin is the former member of Train.
The generated text is : Harold French was an actor by 1920 and directed the film, English Without Tears. Alan Jaggs is the film editor while Anatole de Grunwald is the producer.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : The Train song Mermaid from the pop rock genre has a length of 3 minutes and 16 seconds and belongs to the musical band Train.
The generated text is : Darlington is a city with a population of 106000 people.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson was born in Darlington, England on January 1, 1726 and died on February 18, 1776.
The generated text is : The Train song Mermaid, which is in the reggae and pop rock genres, was released on 2012-12-27 and produced by the Espionage production team. It was preceded by the song This'll be my year and was followed by the band’s cover of Imagine by John Lennon. The song has a total runtime of three minutes and sixteen seconds.
The generated text is : The pop rock song Mermaid by The Train has a run time of 3 minutes and 16 seconds and was released on the Columbia Records record label.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : The Year of No Light album Nord was preceded by the album Demo 2004.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva who is known for her work with stochastic programming was able to develop a theory that was influenced by Andrzej Piotr Ruszczynski.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy, born in Reşadiye and recipient of the State Award for Superior Achievement, resides in Turkey and has a residence in Istanbul where the population density in the Istanbul metro is 2691.0 people per square meter,.
The generated text is : Anatole de Grunwald's birthplace is Saint Petersburg.
The generated text is : Mermaid is a pop rock song by the band Train that has a length of 3 minutes and 16 seconds released on 27 of December 2012, written by Espen Lind. This'll be my year by Train was followed by Mermaid.
The generated text is : The 89 minute movie ´English Without Tears´ was directed by Harold French, with its songs composed by Nicholas Brodszky.
The generated text is : Nord is an e-vinyl album by Year of No Light on the record label Crucial Blast.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Super Capers, a movie in English, has a 98 minute run time. Super Capers starred Michael Rooker and Tom Sizemore. Written by Ray Griggs and edited by Stacy Katzman, the movie Super Capers had a budget of 2000000.0 dollars.
The generated text is : Death on a Factory Farm was directed by Sarah Teale, produced by Sarah Teale and Tom Simon, composed by Jamie Lawrence, and had a running time of 83 minutes.
The generated text is : Cecil Parker starred in the 1956 movie It's Great to Be Young, which was edited by Max Benedict, with Louis Levy as the music composer.
The generated text is : "Death on a Factory Farm" is an 83 minute HBO film that was produced and directed by Tom Simon.
The generated text is : The album Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes is produced by The Velvet underground and has a run time of 230:05.
The generated text is : Lady Anne Monson held British nationality; she lived in the kingdom of England where there was a unitary state form of government.
The generated text is : 'English Without Tears' was written by and produced by Anatole de Grunwald.
The generated text is : The total area of India is 32875900000000.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : The 1956 film "It's Great to Be Young" was written by Ted Willis, starred Cecil Parker, and was directed by Cyril Frankel. "It's Great to Be Young" has a length of 94 minutes and its music was composed by Louis Levy.
The generated text is : The music of the 89 minute long film, English Without Tears (released 1944-07-28) is composed by Nicholas Brodszky.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : The writer of English Without Tears was Anatole de Grunwald, born in Saint Petersburg. "English Without Tears" was authored by Terence Rattigan.
The generated text is : Michael Rooker and Tom Sizemore starred in the English language movie Super Capers which was edited by Stacy Katzman and distributed by Roadside Attractions.
The generated text is : The Train song Mermaid was released under the record label Columbia Records, by the musical band Train which lasts 3.16 minutes.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva, a United States citizen with birth date January 1, 1958 is a mathematician influenced by Andrzej Piotr Ruszczyński in the field of mathematical optimization and stochastic programming. She graduated from Humboldt University and resides in New Jersey.
The generated text is : John Mills had a main role in the movie It's Great to Be Young.
The generated text is : Super Capers is distributed by Roadside Attractions and by Lionsgate, which was founded by Frank Giustra.
The generated text is : Darinka Dentcheva, a citizen of the United States, is a professional in the field of mathematical optimization.
The generated text is : "English Without Tears" was written by Anatole de Grunwald.
The generated text is : Nurhan Atasoy was born in Turkey.
