Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene, Texas.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is found in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas.
18L/36R is the runway name of Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport.
Afonso Pena International Airport ICAO Location Identifier is SBCT.
Afonso Pena International Airport serves the city of Curitiba.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah.
The runway length of Al Taqaddum Air Base is 3684.0.
14/32 is the runway name of Alderney Airport.
Allama Iqbal International Airport has a runway length of 3360.12.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol's 1st runway has the number 18.
The 5th runway at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is made of asphalt.
06/24 Kaagbaan is the runway name of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol.
Andrews County Airport is 973 metres above sea level.
Andrews County Airport is owned by Andrews County, Texas.
The runway length of Andrews County Airport is 896.0.
The 1st runway at Angola International Airport is made of asphalt.
Antwerp International Airport is 12.0 metres above sea level.
Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish Government.
The runway length of Appleton International Airport is 2439.0.
The runway length of Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is 518.0.
The ICAO Location Identifier of Ashgabat International Airport is UTAA.
11/29 is the runway name of Ashgabat International Airport.
Atlantic City International Airport is owned by South Jersey Transportation Authority.
13/31 is the runway name of Atlantic City International Airport.
The Dutch language is spoken in Belgium.
Curitiba is part of the South Region, Brazil.
Denmark is inhabited by Danes.
Fallujah is in Iraq.
Greenville, Wisconsin is in the United States.
Greenville, Wisconsin is part of Grand Chute, Wisconsin.
The language spoken in Iraq is Arabic.
Madrid is in Spain.
Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan is part of the United States.
Sardar Ayaz Sadiq is the leader of Pakistan.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey serves New Jersey.
Houston is the largest city in Texas.
The United States Air Force was involved in the 1986 bombing of Libya.
The Boeing C-17 Globemaster III is a transport aircraft in the United States Air Force.
Aaron Deer is signed to the record label Kill Rock Stars.
Aaron Turner performs progressive metal music.
Abradab was born on November 12th, 1978.
Abradab was born in Poland.
Abradab performs hip hop music.
The musical genre of Agustin Barboza is Guarania.
Ahmet Ertegun was born in Istanbul, Turkey.
Alan Frew performs rock music.
Albennie Jones is associated with Sammy Price.
Aleksandra Kovač was born in Yugoslavia.
Aleksandra Kovac performs rhythm and blues music.
Alex Day performs Synthpop music.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is associated with Hector Numa Moraes.
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Montevideo.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Uruguay.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is signed to the RCA Records label.
Alison O'Donnell performs jazz music.
Alison O'Donnell is a singer who uses her voice, bodhran, percussion and autoharp.
Allen Forrest was born on the 4th February 1981.
Alligator Records is located in Chicago.
Anders Osborne is associated with Johnny Sansone.
Anders Osborne performs rhythm and blues music.
Andra is a rhythm and blues singer.
Andrew Rayel started his career in 2009.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Christian Burns.
Andrew White is associated with the musical artist Marry Banilow.
Andrew White is a musician signed to the record label B-Unique Records.
Christian Burns plays the guitar.
Hip hop music originated from funk music.
Indie rock has its origins in New wave music.
Manchester is part of Greater Manchester.
Polydor Records is located in London.
RCA Records is distributed by Sony Music Entertainment.
Rock and roll originated from blues music.
Synthpop has its origins in Pop music.
Alan Bean is a United States national.
Buzz Aldrin was the backup pilot of Apollo 8.
Buzz Aldrin graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. in 1963.
Buzz Aldrin was a crew member of Apollo 11.
Buzz Aldrin was selected by NASA in 1963.
Benitoite is a gemstone found in California.
Elliot See died on February 28th 1966.
Elliot See died in St. Louis.
Elliot See is deceased.
Aaron Hunt played for SV Werder Bremen.
The footballer Abner was born in Brazil.
Adam Maher was born in the Netherlands.
Adam Maher played for the Netherlands national under 17 football team.
Adam Maher played for PSV Eindhoven.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for the Iraq national football team.
Akeem Adams was born in Point Fortin.
Akeem Dent used to play for the Atlanta Falcons.
Akeem Priestley's club is the Connecticut Huskies.
Al-Zawra'a SC's manager is Basim Qasim.
Al Kharaitiyat SC play in the Qatar Stars League.
Alaa Abdul Zahra's club is Sanat Mes Kerman F.C.
Alan Martin is a footballer for Hamilton Academical FC.
Alan Martin played for the Scotland national under-19 football team.
Aleksander Barkov Jr was born on 2nd September 1995.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. is 1.905m tall.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 24 February 1989.
Aleksandr Prudnikov played for FC Amkar Perm.
Aleksandre Guruli was born in Batumi.
Aleksandre Guruli played for the Georgia national under-21 football team.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.S. Roma.
Alessio Romagnoli is a member of the A.S. Roma youth team.
Alex Tyus plays in the Turkish Basketball Super League.
The Atlanta Falcons are based in Atlanta.
Don Sweeney is the general manager of the Boston Bruins.
The English language is spoken in Canada.
The Slavey language is spoken in Canada.
Oleh Luzhny is the manager of FC Karpaty Lviv.
Gábor Kubatov is the chairman of Ferencvárosi TC.
The Finnish language is spoken in Finland.
Daniele Zoratto is the coach of the Italy national under 16 football team.
Zvi Sherf is the coach of Maccabi Ashdod B.C.
Fir Park is the home ground of Motherwell FC.
Jean-Michel Aulas is the owner of Olympique Lyonnais.
St Louis Rams are based in the city of St Louis.
The Tennessee Titans are based in Nashville, Tennessee.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa.
250 Delaware Avenue has the Postmodern style of architecture.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago.
320 South Boston Building was designed by the architect George Winkler.
320 South Boston Building was started in 1910.
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen has 814 rooms.
James Pain and George Richard Pain were the architects of Adare Manor.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Japan.
Alan B. Miller Hall is owned by the College of William and Mary.
The address of Amdavad ni Gufa is Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, near CEPT University, opp. Gujarat University, University Road.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House has the reference number 88002539 in the National Register of Historic Places.
Julia Morgan was the architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds.
Asilomar Conference Grounds are in the architectural style of "Arts and Crafts Movement and American craftsman Bungalows".
The Asilomar Conference Grounds were constructed in 1913.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City.
Buffalo is part of Erie County, New York.
Byron Brown is the leader of Buffalo, New York.
County Limerick is part of Munster.
Críona Ní Dhálaigh is a leader in Dublin.
Mulatu Teshome is the leader of Ethiopia.
Indian people inhabit India.
Julia Morgan designed the significant building of Los Angeles Herald Examiner.
Live Nation Entertainment is located in Beverly Hills, California.
Manhattan is part of New York.
New York City is part of New Netherland.
Pacific Grove is part of California.
White South Africans are an ethnic group in South Africa.
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom.
(19255) 1994 VK8 has a density of 2.0 grams per cubic centimetre.
(410777) 2009 FD has an absolute magnitude of 22.1.
(66063) 1998 RO1 has an apoapsis of.60815 kilometres.
1000 Piazzia has an escape velocity of 0.0252 kilometres per second.
1001 Gaussia was formerly known as "1923 OAA907 XC".
The celestial body known as 1001 Gaussia has a maximum temperature of 165 kelvins.
101 Helena has an apoapsis of.0 kilometres.
101 Helena has an epoch date of December 31st 2006.
103 Hera has an absolute magnitude of 7.66.
103 Hera has a mass of 7.9 kilograms.
107 Camilla has an absolute magnitude of 7.08.
107 Camilla was discovered by A Storrs.
1089 Tama was formerly known as "A894 VA; A904 VD".
1089 Tama has an orbital period of 1202.846 days.
1097 Vicia has an average speed of 17.92 km per sec.
1097 Vicia has an epoch date of December 31st 2006.
109 Felicitas was discovered by Christian Heinrich Friedrich Peters.
10 Hygiea has an average speed of 16.76 kilometres per second.
11264 Claudiomaccone has a temperature of 173.0 kelvins.
The alma mater of James Craig Watson is the University of Michigan.
N.R. Pogson was born in Nottingham.
Albany, Georgia has the area code 229.
Albany, Oregon is part of the United States.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is led by the Mayor.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is led by the New Mexico House of Representatives.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is led by the New Mexico Senate.
Amarillo, Texas has a total area of 233.9 square kilometres.
Amarillo is part of Randall County, Texas.
Anderson is part of Richland Township, Madison County, Indiana.
Angola, Indiana is elevated 324.0 above sea level.
Antioch, California has the area code 925.
Antioch is part of Contra Costa County in California.
Arlington, Texas has a population density of 1472.0 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Atlanta's leader is called Kasim Reed.
Atlantic City, N.J. has a total area of 44.125 square kilometres.
Atlantic City is part of New Jersey.
Attica, Indiana is 166.0 above sea level.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama.
Auburn, Washington has a total area of 77.41 square kilometres.
Austin is part of Texas.
Spanish is spoken in California.
Dunwoody is the largest city in DeKalb County, Georgia.
Fulton County, Georgia is in the United States.
Anderson is the county seat of Madison County, Indiana.
Michigan is in the United States.
Detroit is the largest city in Michigan.
Orange County, California is in the United States.
The largest city in Oregon is Portland.
The largest city in Tarrant County, Texas, is Fort Worth.
Barack Obama is the leader of the United States.
The United States House of Representatives is located in the United States Capitol.
The character April O'Neil was created by Kevin Eastman.
Bananaman is broadcast by the BBC.
Ben Urich's full name is Benjamin Urich.
Bibbo Bibbowski was created by Jerry Ordway.
Bo Bibbowski is the full name of Bibbo Bibbowski.
Bill Oddie was born in Lancashire.
The Black Pirate is also known as Jon Valor.
John Buscema won the Eisner Award.
The nationality of Karl Kesel is American.
Marv Wolfman won the Kirby Award.
Peter Laird is a United States national.
Scott Adsit was born in Northbrook, Illinois.
Pecorino Romano is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce.
Chili pepper is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce.
White rice is an ingredient in Arròs negre.
Arròs negre is from the Catalonia region.
Arros negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore.
Tomato is an ingredient in a BLT.
Baked Alaska is a dish from Hong Kong.
Bakewell pudding can be served warm or cold.
Bandeja paisa is typical Colombian cuisine.
Chicharrón is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa.
Bandeja paisa is from the Paisa region.
Barny cakes can be served at 30g.
Batagor is a variation of Shumai.
The main ingredients of Batagor are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce.
Shrimp is an ingredient in Batchoy.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Indonesia.
Bhajji is also known as Bhaji or bajji.
Taro is an ingredient in Binignit.
Bionico can be varied by using cottage cheese.
Bionico is a food found in Jalisco.
Chicken is classed as a bird.
The currency of India is the Indian rupee.
Sumitra Mahajan is a leader in India.
Indonesian is the language spoken in Indonesia.
Aristóteles Sandoval is the leader of Jalisco.
The Banyumasan people are an ethnic group in Java.
Malaysian Malay is an ethnic group from Malaysia.
Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of Mexico.
Spanish is spoken in New York.
Shumai is found in China.
Peanut sauce is an ingredient in Siomay.
 Malays are an ethnic group in Sumatra.
David Cameron is the leader of the United Kingdom.
The christening date of A-Rosa Luna is 2005-04-07.
AIDA Cruises operates the AIDAluna.
The AIDAstella was completed on March 11th 2013.
The AIDAstella had her maiden voyage on March 17th 2013.
The AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruises.
The ALV X-1 was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport.
The AMC Matador is also known as American Motors Matador.
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) was sold to the Netherlands 1 April 1948.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe has a straight-four engine.
The Acura TLX has an AWD vehicle layout.
The Acura TLX is related to the Honda Accord.
The Alfa Romeo 164 was assembled in Arese.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is related to the Lancia Thema.
The Alfa Romeo 164 has a 4-speed automatic ZF 4HP18QE transmission.
The Alhambra was built by the Samuda Brothers.
The Alhambra is now wrecked.
The Alvis Speed 25 has a straight-six engine.
The Alvis Speed 25 model started being manufactured in 1937.
The American submarine NR-1 has a ship draft of 4.6m.
The Antares rocket was launched at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0.
Gabriela Michetti is the leader of Argentina.
The Ariane 5 was launched from the Guiana Space Centre.
The Aston Martin V8 is a convertible.
The Aston Martin V8 is manufactured by Aston Martin.
The Aston Martin Virage is manufactured by Aston Martin.
The Atlas II was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base.
Audi was founded by August Horch.
The Audi A1 is related to the Seat Ibiza.
Costa Crociere is located in Genoa.
The DeSoto Custom is related to the Chrysler Newport.
The Fiat Croma is related to the Alfa Romeo 164.
The demonym for people living in Germany is Germans.
The leader of Germany is Norbert Lammert.
Gruppo Bertone was founded by Giovanni Bertone.
The Honda K engine is manufactured by Honda.
The Star Spangled Banner is the national anthem of the United States.
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000.
To the southeast of Adams County, Pennsylvania is Carroll County, Maryland.
Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaijan.
The leader of Azerbaijan is known as the Prime Minister.
The native name of the Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is Turk Sehitleri Aniti.
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam, Netherlands.
Abdul Taib Mahmud is a member of the Parti Bumiputera Sarawak Party.
Abdulsalami Abubakar ended his career on 1999-05-29.
Minna is the birthplace of Abdulsalami Abubakar.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State.
Abner W. Sibal ended his career on January 3rd 1965.
Abner W. Sibal died in Alexandria, Virginia.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent.
Adam Holloway resides in Gravesend.
Adolf Schärf was born in Mikulov.
Adonis Georgiadis was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister.
Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendorf.
Agnes Ward White was born in Marietta, Ohio.
Airey Neave started his career on 30th June 1953.
Airey Neave was awarded the Military Cross.
Airey Neave was a Lieutenant Colonel in the military.
Albert B. White is a member of the United States Republican Party.
Albert B. White was married to Agnes Ward White.
Albert Jennings Fountain served in the Union Army.
Alberto Teisaire was Rear Admiral in the Argentine Navy.
Alfons Gorbach died in Austria.
Alfred Moore Scales started his career on 1875-03-04.
Darien, Connecticut is the birthplace of Alfred N. Phillips.
Alfred N. Phillips was Mayor of Stamford, Connecticut.
Allan Shivers started his career on January 21st 1947.
Allan Shivers was succeeded by Price Daniel.
Alvah Sabin started his career on 1853-03-04.
Robert E Lee was a commander in the American Civil War.
Robert E Lee was a commander in the Battle of Antietam.
The Battle of Cold Harbor was part of the American Civil War conflict.
Gabriela Michetti is the leader of Buenos Aires.
Colin Powell was a commander in the Gulf War.
John F. Kennedy's predecessor was Dwight D. Eisenhower.
Juan Carlos I of Spain's predecessor was Francisco Franco.
Mark Rutte is the leader of the Netherlands.
The United States Army fought in the Spanish-American War.
William M O Dawson was born in Bloomington, Maryland.
The manager of A.C. Chievo Verona is Rolando Maran.
A.D. Isidro Metapan play in the Salvadoran Primera Division.
AFC Blackpool's full name is "Association Football Club Blackpool".
AFC Blackpool's ground is The Mechanics.
A.F.C. Blackpool's ground is in Blackpool.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in the town of Gubbo.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 has 5300 members.
AEK Athens F.C.'s ground is in Athens.
AEK Athens F.C. played in the 2014–15 Football League (Greece).
AZAL Arena is located in Baku.
AZAL PFK play in the Azerbaijan Premier League.
AZ Alkmaar played the 2014-15 season in the Eredivisie.
Akron, Ohio is in the United States.
Akron is located in Summit County, Ohio.
The full name of Akron Summit Assault is Akron Metro Futbol Club Summit Assault.
Eberhard van der Laan is the leader of Amsterdam.
Christian Panucci played for Chelsea F.C.
Christian Panucci played for Inter Milan.
Frank de Boer played for FC Barcelona.
Gubbio is in the region of Umbria.
Sergio Mattarella is the leader of Italy.
Jens Härtel played for FC Sachsen Leipzig.
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez plays for FC Dallas.
Luciano Spalletti plays for Udinese Calcio.
Massimo Drago was at the club ASD S.S. Nola 1925.
Michele Marcolini plays for Atalanta B.C.
Michele Marcolini plays for Vicenza Calcio.
Peter Stoger is a player in 1. FC Koln.
Rolando Maran played for FC Bari 1908.
Jong Ajax is the tenant of Sportpark De Toekomst.
St Vincent-St Mary High School is located in the United States.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Alba.
Acharya Institute of Technology's president is B.M. Reddy.
Kerala has Mahe, India to its northwest.
The neighbouring municipality to Mendrisio is Meride.
Bucharest is the capital of Romania.
The dean of the School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University is Thomas Pallesen.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has 16000 students.
1634: The Ram Rebellion has the ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint.
1634: The Ram Rebellion is in print.
AIDS (journal) is from the United Kingdom.
The OCLC number of A Glastonbury Romance is 76798317.
A Glastonbury Romance is available in hardcover.
A Long Long Way is written in English.
A Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane.
The ISSN number of Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg is 0025-5858.
Above the Veil was written by Garth Nix.
Above the Veil is in print.
The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica ISSN number is 0567-7920.
Addiction journal has the LCCN number 93645978.
Addiction (journal) is about addiction.
Aenir is written in English.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from The United States.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English.
The discipline of the American Journal of Mathematics is Mathematics.
The novel Castle is written in English.
Eric Flint was born in Burbank, California.
Macmillan Publishers is the parent company of Farrar, Straus, and Giroux.
A Glastonbury Romance is a notable work by John Cowper Powys.
Soho Press is located in the United States.
The Secret Scripture was published by Faber and Faber.
Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
English is the language of the United States.
Weymouth Sands was preceded by A Glastonbury Romance.
Aarhus Airport is operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A/S and has a runway length of 2777.0.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is elevated 610 metres above sea level and can be found in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500.
Agra Airport is in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh.
Al Asad Airbase is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq and has a runway length of 3090.0.
Al Asad Airbase is located in Iraq where Arabic is spoken.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which fought in the Invasion of Grenada.
The surface of the 1st runway at Alderney airport is poaceae which is in the class Monocotyledon.
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made of asphalt and has a length of 877.0.
Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Pakistan where the leader is Anwar Zaheer Jamali.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan and has a runway length of 2900.0.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is -3.3528 above sea level and its 1st runway has a length of 3800 metres.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is at an elevation of -3.3528 from sea level and the 1st runway has an asphalt surface.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam and has a runway length of 2014.0.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam and has a runway length of 3300.0.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where the largest city is Houston.
With a runway length of 3800.0, Angola International Airport serves Luanda.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand)'s runway length is 597.0 and its 3rd runway surface type is Poaceae.
Ashgabat International Airport is 211 metres above sea level and its 1st runway has a length of 12467 feet.
The operating organization for Ashgabat International Airport is called Turkmenistan Airlines whose headquarters are in Turmenistan.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the operating organisation of Atlantic City International Airport where the runway name is 4/22.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the operating organisation of Atlantic City International Airport, which has a runway length of 3048.0.
Afonso Pena International Airport is operated by Infraero which is located in Brasilia.
Aaron Deer is from Indiana, United States.
Aaron Turner performs electroacoustic music and played with the band Twilight.
Aaron Turner is a singer who performs avant-garde metal music.
Abradab is associated with the rapper Magik and played with the band Kaliber 44.
Abradab was born in Katowice on November 12th 1978.
Ace Wilder, a solo singer, is signed to the record label Warner Music Group.
Paraguay born Agustin Barboza is signed to Philips Records.
Alan Frew is a performer of rock music, a fusion of which is bhangra music.
Aleksandra Kovac is a solo singer who performs pop music.
Aleksandra Kovac performs rhythm and blues music, which originated from blues music.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in England in 1872.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is a solo singer who performs Milonga music.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is a solo singer whose musical genre is Taquirari.
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Uruguay and died in Montevideo.
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Montevideo and died in Uruguay.
Alison O'Donnell is associated with Plastik Mak and Bajik.
Alison O'Donnell performs folk rock music and is signed to the record label Floating World Records.
Alison O'Donnell performs jazz music and uses her voice, bodhran, percussion and autoharp.
Allen Forrest is a solo singer who performs hip hop music.
The musician Andrew White's genre is alternative rock which has a sub genre called Christian alternative rock.
Anders Osborne is associated with Phil Lesh and Friends and Tab Benoit.
Anders Osborne is a rhythm and blues artist signed to Shanachie Records.
Andra is a rhythm and blues (originated from blues music) singer.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Christian Burns and Jonathan Mendelsohn.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Jwaydan Moyine and Armin van Buuren.
The musician Andrew White's genre is alternative rock which has its stylistic origins in New wave music.
Al Anderson plays country music which uses banjo as one of its instruments.
Andrew White is a musician signed to the record label Polydor Records which is located in London.
Alan Bean (born on 1932-03-15) is now retired.
Alan Shepard, who served as a test pilot, is deceased.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on 1930-01-20.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, Essex County, New Jersey.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and served as a crew member of Apollo 8.
William Anders, who graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M.S., is now retired.
Aaron Boogaard, who was born in Saskatchewan, plays for Wichita Thunder.
Abel Hernandez's club is Penarol managed by Jorge Orosman da Silva.
Adam Maher's club is AZ Alkmaar and he plays for the Netherlands national under 17 football team.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad's club is Steel Azin F.C. and he plays for Al Shorta SC.
Akeem Adams plays for T&TEC Sports Club and the Trinidad and Tobago national football team.
Akeem Ayers was number 39 in the draft pick and used to play for the New England Patriots.
Akeem Ayers was number 39 in the draft pick and used to play for Tennessee Titans.
Akeem Priestley's club is the Connecticut Huskies and he plays for Sheikh Russel KC.
Akeem Priestley's club is RoPS and he plays for Sheikh Russel KC.
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for Al-Khor Sports Club, the ground of which, is Al Khor.
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC which is managed by Amar Osim.
Alan Martin played football for Leeds United FC and now plays for Hamilton Academical FC.
Alan Martin played football for Hamilton Academical FC whose home ground is New Douglas Park.
Aleksander Barkov Jr was born on 2nd September 1995 and his club is the Florida Panthers.
Aleksander Barkov Jr was born in Tampere, Finland and his club is the Florida Panthers.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow and FC Kuban Krasnodar.
Alex Tyus plays for Maccabi Tel Aviv BC in the Turkish Basketball Super League.
Alex Plante was born in Brandon, Manitoba where the leader is the Conservative Party of Canada.
Adam McQuaid was born in Canada where the national anthem is O Canada.
Aleksandre Guruli played for FC Dinamo Batumi which is managed by Levan Khomeriki.
Aleksandr Prudnikov played for FC Spartak Moscow whose home ground is the Otkrytiye Arena.
Akeem Priestley plays for RoPS in the Veikkausliiga league.
Akeem Adams played for United Petrotrin F.C. whose ground is Palo Seco Velodrome.
108 St Georges Terrace was completed in 1988 and has 50 floors.
200 Public Square has 45 floors and is located in the United States.
20 Fenchurch Street has 34 floors and a floor area of 62145.3 square metres.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago and has 60 floors.
320 South Boston Building was designed by the architect George Winkler from the United States.
HOK SVE was the architect of 3Arena which is located at East Link Bridge.
The 3Arena in Dublin was designed by the company Populous.
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen.
The architect of Adare Manor, completed in 1862, was George Richard Pain.
Adare Manor is located in Adare, County Limerick.
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Abiba, Ethiopia.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka and has the Tudor Revival architectural style.
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka and has the Tudor Revival architectural style.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Japan where one of the ethnic groups are the Brazilians.
The address of Akita Museum of Art is "1-4-2 Nakadori" and it has 3 floors.
The address of Amdavad ni Gufa is Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, near CEPT University, opp. Gujarat University, University Road, Gujarat.
Austin Fernando is the leader of the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka where Ampara Hospital is located.
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, United States.
Brooklyn is part of New York City where Asser Levy Public Baths are located.
Adare Manor is located in County Limerick, Munster.
3Arena is located in Dublin, Republic of Ireland.
(19255) 1994 VK8 has an escape velocity of 0.0925 kilometres per second and an apoapsis of.0 kilometres.
(66391) 1999 KW4 has an epoch date of July 14th 2004 and an orbital period of 16244700.0.
101 Helena was discovered by James Craig Watson, who died of peritonitis.
Walter Baade, who was born in the German Empire, discovered 1036 Ganymed.
Walter Baade, a German national, discovered 1036 Ganymed.
James Craig Watson, who died of peritonitis, discovered 103 Hera.
107 Camilla was discovered by Nottingham born N.R. Pogson.
1089 Tama, formerly known as A919 HA; 1927 WB, has an epoch date of November 26th 2005.
1089 Tama has a temperature of 179 kelvins and an apoapsis of.0 kilometres.
1097 Vicia has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 and a periapsis of.0.
109 Felicitas, with a temperature of 170.0 kelvins, has an apoapsis of.0 kilometres.
109 Felicitas has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 and a periapsis of.0.
109 Felicitas has a rotation period of 47487.6 and an epoch date of December 31st 2006.
10 Hygiea has a temperature of 164.0 kelvins and an apoapsis of.33968 kilometres.
110 Lydia has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 and a mass of 6.7kg.
110 Lydia has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 and an orbital period of.0.
Akron, Ohio is located in the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Salem is the capital of Oregon where Albany is also located.
Albuquerque, New Mexico, United States, is led by the United States House of Representatives.
Amarillo is part of Texas in the United States.
Anaheim, California is led by the United States House of Representatives.
Anaheim is part of Orange County, California, United States.
Anderson is part of Adams Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States.
Antioch, California is located at 13.0 above sea level and has a total area of 75.324 square kilometres.
Arlington, Texas is located at 184.0 above sea level and has a total area of 258.2 square kilometres.
Arlington is part of Texas in the United States.
Atlanta is part of Georgia in the United States.
Atlantic City is part of Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States.
Atlantic City, New Jersey, is in the United States, where the capital is Washington, D.C.
Atlantic City is part of Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States.
Atlantic City, N.J. has a total area of 44.125 square kilometres and a population density of 1421.2 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Auburn is part of Pierce County, Washington, United States.
Albany, Oregon is part of the United States, the capital of which is Washington, D.C.
Amarillo, Texas is located in the United States, where the capital is Washington, D.C.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Albany, Georgia is part of the United States, where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Auburn, Alabama is located in the United States, where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Akron, Ohio is located in the United States where English is the language spoken.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is in the United States where the leader is called the President.
The creator of April O'Neil is the American, Peter Laird.
Jill Shilling starred in Bananaman which was broadcast by the BBC.
Bananaman, starring Graeme Garden, was broadcasted by STV.
Tim Brooke-Taylor, born in Derbyshire, starred in Bananaman.
Baymax first appeared in the film Big Hero 6 which starred Alan Tudyk.
Baymax first appeared in the film Big Hero 6 which stars Scott Adsit.
Baymax, a character in Big Hero 6, was created by Steven T. Seagle.
The comic book character Ben Urich's full name is Benjamin Urich and he was created by Roger McKenzie.
Bibbo Bibbowski was created by Jerry Ordway and Marv Wolfman.
Bo Bibbowski, otherwise known as Bibbo, was created by Marv Wolfman.
Tomato is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce which comes from Italy.
Arem-arem is a food found in Indonesia where Jusuf Kalla is the leader.
Arrabbiata sauce can be found in Italy where the Italian language is spoken.
Arrabbiata sauce can be found in Italy where Sergio Mattarella is a leader.
Chili pepper is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce which comes from Italy.
Arros negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community in Spain.
Asam pedas is a dish of fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce and comes from Indonesia.
Ayam penyet is a food found in Malaysia and Indonesia.
The BLT is a variation of both the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich.
Sausage and bacon are ingredients in a Bacon Explosion.
Bacon is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which can also be known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, a bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin.
Bread is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich, a variation of which is the BLT.
Sponge cake is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which comes from France.
Baked Alaska is from France where Manuel Valls is a leader.
Meringue is an ingredient of Baked Alaska which comes from the United States.
Fruit preserves are an ingredient in Bakewell tart, a variation of Bakewell pudding.
Vermicelli is an ingredient of Bakso which comes from Indonesia.
Celery is a member of the family Apiaceae and is an ingredient in Bakso.
Chicharrón is an ingredient in the Colombian dish Bandeja paisa.
Barny cakes can be found in France where the leader is Claude Bartolone.
Peanut sauce is an ingredient in the Indonesian dish of Batagor.
Peanut sauce is an ingredient in batagor and siomay are variations of the same dish.
Palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a popular dish in Singapore.
Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapore where Halimah Yacob is the leader.
Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of Beef kway Teow which is found in Singapore and Indonesia.
Bhajji comes from India where the people are called Indians.
Bhajji comes from India where the leader is T. S. Thakur.
Binignit is a dish from the Philippines where the Igorot people are an ethnic group.
The main ingredient of binignit is banana and it comes from the Philippines.
The main ingredients of binignit are sweet potatoes and bananas.
Bionico is a food found in Mexico where Enrique Pena Nieto is the leader.
Granola is an ingredient of Bionico which comes from the Guadalajara region.
Bionico and cake are both desserts.
Bakso is a dish from Indonesia where Joko Widodo is the leader.
Batagor is a variation of Shumai which contains shiitake mushrooms.
The A-Rosa Luna is 125800.0 millimetres long and was ordered on the 22nd of January 2004.
AIDA Cruises is located in Germany and operates the ship AIDAstella.
The AIDAluna is 252 metres long and has a top speed of 40.744.
The ALCO RS-3 has a diesel-electric transmission and was built by the Montreal Locomotive Works.
The ALV X-1 rocket has 2 stages and a diameter of 1.524 metres.
1974 is one of the model years of the AMC Matador which was assembled in Kenosha, Wisconsin.
The Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Milan, and the Saab 9000 are related means of transport.
The Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Italy, is related to the Fiat Croma.
The Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Italy, is related to the Lancia Thema.
The Alvis Speed 25 was manufactured by the Alvis Car and Engineering Company located in Coventry.
The Alvis Speed 25 has a straight-six engine and its transmission system comprises a single plate clutch, separate 4-speed gearbox all-silent and all-syncromesh, centre change lever, open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints and spiral bevel fully floating back axle.
The AMC Matador was manufactured by American Motors which was succeeded by Eagle.
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) comes from Argentina where Gabriela Michetti is the leader.
The Ariane 5 was manufactured by Airbus Defence and Space and launched at ELA-3.
The Aston Martin V8, assembled in the United Kingdom, and the Aston Martin RHAM/1 are related means of transport.
The Aston Martin V8, made by Aston Martin, was succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage.
The Aston Martin V8, succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage, and Aston Martin DBS are related means of transport.
The Aston Martin Virage, manufactured by Aston Martin, succeeded the Aston Martin V8.
The Atlas II is 3.04m in diameter and its final flight was on 1998-03-16.
Audi e-tron is a division of Audi who manufacture the Audi A1.
The Quattro Gmbh is a subsidiary of Audi who manufacture the Audi A1.
The Antares rocket is comparable with the Delta II which was launched at the Vandenberg Air Force Base.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in Finland where Juha Sipila is a leader.
General Dynamics is the parent company of the General Dynamics Electric Boat Co. who built the American submarine NR-1.
The A-Rosa Luna is powered by a MTU Friedrichshafen engine which is owned by Rolls-Royce Holdings.
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom where the Aston Martin V8 is assembled.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 and falls under the category of Contributing property.
Frederick, Maryland is the nearest city to the Monocacy National Battlefield where the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial in Azerbaijan is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial (known locally as Turk Sehitleri Aniti) is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku.
Stephen Yong Kuet Tze is the deputy to Abdul Rahman Ya'kub, who succeeded Abdul Taib Mahmud.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Minna and his alma mater was the Technical Institute, Kaduna.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was the Chief of the Defence Staff in Nigeria and was succeeded by Al-Amin Daggash.
Abdulsalami Abubakar ended his career on 1999-05-29 and was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo.
Abdulsalami Abubakar, who was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo, was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President.
Abner W. Sibal fought in World War II, where Joseph Stalin was a commander.
Abner W. Sibal served in the United States, Army, which fought in the Korean War.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent and his alma mater is Magdalene College in Cambridge.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent and lives in Gravesend.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens and worked as the Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece.
Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendorf and worked as the Parliamentary group leader.
Airey Neave, who served in the Royal Artillery Unit, was awarded the Military Cross.
Airey Neave began his career on March 4th 1974 and was involved in the Battle of France.
Airey Neave fought in the Battle of France where Hugo Sperrle was a commander.
Airey Neave fought in World War II where Franklin D Roosevelt was a commander.
Albert B. White was born 22nd September 1856 and died in 1941.
Albert B. White was born on 22nd September 1856 and was a politician.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York City and died in Dona Ana County, New Mexico.
Albert Jennings Fountain, who was born in New York City, is a member of the Republican Party in the United States.
Alberto Teisaire worked as the Provisional President of the Argentine Senate and was succeeded by Isaac Rojas.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria-Hungary.
Governor Alfred Moore Scales of North Carolina was succeeded by the politician James W Reid.
Daniel Gould Fowle, who succeeded Alfred Moore Scales, graduated from Princeton University.
Connecticut was the birthplace of Alfred N. Phillips, who worked at the United States House of Representatives.
Allan Shivers fought in World War II, where Joseph Stalin was a commander.
Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin, Texas and was a member of the Texas State Senate District 4 for Port Arthur.
Alvah Sabin was born on 23rd October 1793 and worked as the secretary of the State of Vermont.
Agnes Kant is from the Netherlands where the Euro is the currency.
Agnes Kant is from the Netherlands where the leader is Mark Rutte.
Albert B White died in Parkersburg, West Virginia, United States.
1 FC Magdeburg has 27250 members and played the 2014-15 season in the Regionalliga.
Verona, Italy is the home to A.C. Chievo Verona which has 39371 members.
Rolando Maran was born in Italy and manages A.C. Chievo Verona.
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez manages the A.D. Isidro Metapan and plays for FC Dallas.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and played in the 2014-15 A EPSTH, Greece.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer) who played for Blackburn Rovers FC.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer) who is attached to Irlam Town Football Club.
A.F.C. Fylde has 3180 members and their ground is in Lancashire.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 has 5300 members and its ground is located in Gubio.
A.S. Livorno Calcio's ground is in Livorno and they play in Serie B.
A.S. Livorno Calcio are managed by Christian Panucci who plays for AS Roma.
Paulo Sousa manages the ACF Fiorentina and plays for Juventus F.C.
ACF Fiorentina has 47290 members and the full name of the club is ACF Fioresntina S.p.A.
AEK Athens F.C.'s ground is in Greece and they have 69618 members.
The Olympic Stadium (Athens) is the home ground of AEK Athens FC who play in the Superleague Greece.
AFC Ajax (amateurs)'s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst, which has Jong Ajax as a tenant.
AZAL Arena is the ground of AZAL PFK who are located in Shuvalan, Baku, Azerbaijan.
Akron Summit Assault played in the 2011 PDL season and has 3000 members.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in the region of Umbria.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where Pietro Grasso is the leader.
Luciano Spalletti manages A.S. Roma and plays for Empoli F.C.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University in Alba has the nickname Uab.
Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore and its president is B.M. Reddy.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was given the 'Technical Campus' status by the All India Council for Technical Education which is located in Mumbai.
AWH Engineering College is located in Kerala which is led by Kochi.
Eric Flint is the author of 1634: The Bavarian Crisis which was preceded by The Grantville Gazettes.
Virginia DeMarce is the author of 1634: The Ram Rebellion which is available as an E book.
AIP Advances (abbreviated to AIP Adv.) has the EISSN number 2158.
A Fortress of Grey Ice by J.V. Jones is available in print form.
A Fortress of Grey Ice has 672 pages and the ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6.
John Cowper Powys is the author of A Glastonbury Romance which was followed by Weymouth Sands.
A Long Long Way was published in Print & Paperback and has the OCLC number 57392246.
A Long Long Way has 292 pages and the ISBN number 0-670-03380-4.
A Long Long Way was published by Viking Press whose parent company is Penguin Random House.
A Loyal Character Dancer by Qiu Xiaolong is in print.
A Severed Wasp has the OCLC number 8805735 and the ISBN number 0-374-26131-8.
A Severed Wasp is available in hardcover and has the OCLC number 8805735.
A Severed Wasp is written in English, the language spoken in Great Britain.
A Severed Wasp is in print and has the ISBN number 0-374-26131-8.
The publisher of Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg is Springer Science+Business Media which was founded by Julius Springer.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is a fantasy literature book with the ISBN number 0-439-92550-9.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has an OCLC number of 7877110 and an ISBN number of 0-439-92550-9.
Brandon Sanderson is the author of Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians, which was followed by the book, "Alcatraz versus the Scrivener's Bones".
The American Journal of Mathematics, abbreviated to Am. J. Math., comes under the academic discipline of Mathematics.
Johns Hopkins University is the parent company of Johns Hopkins University Press who publish the American Journal of Mathematics.
1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States where the capital is Washington D.C.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where the capital is Washington D.C.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where there is an ethnic group called Asian Americans.
Aarhus Airport is operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A/S. The runway name is 10R/28L and has a length of 2776.0.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the cities of Lake Placid and Saranac Lake, New York. Its runway length is 2003.0.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Paracuellos de Jarama, Madrid, Spain.
Agra Airport in Uttar Pradesh is operated by the Indian Air Force and has the ICAO location identifier of VIAG.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in Iraq which has a runway length of 3992.88.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who were involved in the bombing of Libya in 1986 and deploy the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle aircraft fighter.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who were involved in battles at the invasion of Grenada and deploy the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle aircraft fighter.
Alderney is served by Alderney airport where the 1st runway is made of poaceae and has a runway length of 877.0.
Allama Iqbal International Airport in Pakistan is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority which has its headquarters at Jinnah International Airport.
Located in Punjab, Pakistan, Allama Iqbal International Airport has a runway name of 18L/36R and a runway length of 2900.0.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located at 210 metres above sea level in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena county, Michigan, United States.
Located in Texas, Andrews County Airport is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1773.0.
Andrews County Airport in Texas is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896.0.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where English is spoken and the capital city is Austin.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. Tejano is a demonym term used in Texas.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium where one of the languages spoken is German.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States.
The Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey which serves the region of New Jersey and has its headquarters at the Four World Trade Centre.
With a runway length of 3048.0, Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States.
Anwar Zaheer Jamali is the leader of Pakistan where Allama Iqbal International Airport serves the city of Lahore.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport is located in Madrid, part of the community of Madrid and led by Ahora Madrid.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Spain where the leader party is Ahora Madrid.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes, Spain where the leader party is the People's Party.
American Psychedelic musician Aaron Deer is from Indiana.
Aaron Turner performs ambient music and played with the bands Twilight and Mamiffer.
Aaron Turner is a singer who performs black metal music. Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal.
Abradab was born on November 12th, 1978. He played with the band Kaliber 44 and is associated with the rapper Magik.
Abradab, who is from Katowice, played with the band Kaliber 44 and is associated with the rapper Magik.
The musical genre of Ace Wilder is hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in funk and disco.
Agustin Barboza was born in Asuncion, in Paraguay, where the leader is Juan Afara.
Al Anderson is a singer in the band NRBQ whose genre is rock music.
Alan Frew is a performer of rock music which originated from country music. The music Bhangra is part of the fusion genre, partly coming from Rock music.
Albennie Jones, born in Errata, Mississippi, performs in the rhythm and blues genre, a derivative of which, is disco.
Pop musician Aleksandra Kovač is part of the K2 (Kovač sisters duo) and associated with artist Bebi Dol.
Rhythm and blues artist Aleksandra Kovač is part of the K2 (Kovač sisters duo) and is associated with fellow musical artist Kristina Kovac.
The musical genre of Alex Day is Synthpop, which has its stylistic origins in disco and pop music.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, England and died in Sidcup.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in England, United Kingdom and died in London.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester and died in Sidcup. The Labour Party is the leader of Manchester.
Alison O'Donnell performs folk music of Ireland and was a member of the Flibbertigibbet band and Mellow Candle.
Alison O'Donnell performs folk music and was a member of Mellow Candle and the Flibbertigibbet band.
Alison O'Donnell is a jazz musician who uses her voice, bodhran, percussion and autoharp. Funk is a derivative of Jazz.
Born in Dothan, Alabama, Allen Forrest is a pop music solo singer.
Rhythm and blues singer Allen Forrest was born in Dothan, Alabama.
The musician Andrew White's genre is alternative rock which originated from new wave music. Nu metal is a music fusion genre of alternative rock.
Anders Osborne is associated with Billy Iuso, Tab Benoit and Kirk Joseph.
Anders Osborne is a rock musician signed to Rabadash Records. A musical fusion of rock music is bhangra music.
Andra is a dance pop singer who is associated with Puya and the band CRBL.
Andra is a rhythm and blues singer who is associated with Andreea Balan and Marius Moga.
Trance musician Andrew Rayel is associated with artists Christian Burns and Jonathan Mendelsohn.
Trance musician Andrew Rayel is associated with artists Jonathan Mendelsohn and Bobina.
Andrew White is a musician associated with the musical artist Marry Banilow and plays for the band Kaiser Chiefs. He was once signed to the now defunct Universal Records.
Aaron Bertram plays for the Suburban Legends band and performs ska punk music which originated from ska music.
Albennie Jones was born in Errata, Mississippi, in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Alan Bean, now retired, was born in Wheeler, Texas in the United States.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and is a national of the United States where Joe Biden is a leader.
American Buzz Aldrin graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 with a doctorate in Science and was selected by NASA in 1963.
Elliot See was born in Dallas, US and attended the University of Texas at Austin.
Elliot See graduated from the University of Texas at Austin and was selected by NASA in 1962. He died in St. Louis.
Elliot See, who attended the University of Texas at Austin, died in St. Louis, where Francis G. Slay is the mayor.
Elliot See died in St. Louis, Kingdom of France on February 28, 1966.
Alan Shepard, born in New Hampshire (home of the purple finch), spent 13017 minutes in space.
Aaron Hunt played for SV Werder Bremen II and his club is VfL Wolfsburg which is managed by Dieter Hecking.
Abel Hernández played youth football for Central Español and now plays for Hull City AFC and U.S. Città di Palermo.
Born in the Netherlands, Adam Maher's clubs are PSV Eindhoven and AZ Alkmaar.
Akeem Adams has played for W Connection FC and United Petrotrin FC, the latter of which play their home games at Palo Seco.
Former Los Angeles Rams player, Akeem Ayers, was number 39 in the draft pick, in draft round 2.
Iraqi born Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for Shabab Al-Ordon Club and the Iraq national under 20 football team.
Born on 1 January 1989, the footballer Alan Martin has played for Clyde FC and Hamilton Academicals FC.
Alan Martin played football for Motherwell FC and now plays for Accrington Stanley FC based in Accrington.
Aleksander Barkov Jr was born in Tampere, Finland on 2 September 1995 and his draft team was the Florida Panthers.
Aleksandr Chumakov was born in the Soviet Union and died in Russia where the leader is Vladimir Putin.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 24 February 1989 and plays for FC Alania Vladikavkaz and FC Kuban Krasnodar.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 24 February 1989 and plays for FC Tom Tomsk and the Russia national football B team.
Aleksandre Guruli played for US Lesquin and his club is Olympique Lyonnais who play their home games at the Parc OlympiqueLyonnais.
Alessio Romagnoli is a member of the Italian national under 16 football team and also plays for A.C. Milan who are managed by Siniša Mihajlović.
Alessio Romagnoli, who plays for A.S. Roma, was a member of the Italian national under 16 football team coached by Daniele Zoratto.
Italian born Alessio Romagnoli is a member of the Italian national under 17 football team and U.C. Sampdoria.
Alex Plante was born in Brandon, Manitoba and is 1.9304m tall. He plays for Anyang Halla.
Alex Plante was born in Canada and is 1.9304m tall. He plays for Anyang Halla.
Alex Tyus plays in the Euroleague for Maccabi Ashdod B.C. which is coached by Zvi Sherf.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Tom Tomsk and also for FC Spartak Moscow whose home ground is the Otkrytiye Arena.
Aleksandr Prudnikov played youth football for FC Spartak Moscow who play their home games at the Otkrytiye Arena. He later played for FC Anzhi Makhachkala.
Abel Hernández plays for Hull City A.F.C. which is managed by Steve Bruce. He also plays for the Uruguay Olympic football team.
Aleksandr Chumakov was born in Moscow where the leader is Sergey Sobyanin. He died in Russia.
Abner plays for the Brazilian national under 20 football team and also for Real Madrid Castilla who are managed by Luis Miguel Ramis.
Abner is a footballer for the CD FAS club and also Real Madrid Castilla who are managed by Luis Miguel Ramis.
Alex Tyus was born in St Louis, which is part of Greater St Louis and led by Francis G Slay.
Akeem Ayers made his debut for the Tennessee Titans who are based in Nashville, Tennessee. His former team is the New England Patriots.
John Madin, born in Birmingham, was the architect of 103 Colmore Row, located at Colman Row.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio where Frank G Jackson is a leader.
250 Delaware Avenue in the United States has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843.8 square metres.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, DuPage County, Illinois where Rahm Emanuel is a leader.
The United States architect George Winkler designed 320 South Boston Building which has 22 floors.
HOK SVE was the architect of the 3Arena at North Wall Quay which was completed in December 2008.
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, Denmark, which has 23 floors.
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen which was designed by the architects of 3XN and has 23 floors.
Augustus Pugin, born in Bloomsbury, was the architect of Adare Manor and the Palace of Westminster.
Philip Charles Hardwick was the architect of Adare Manor, which was completed in 1862 and is owned by JP McManus.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale and was completed in 1931 in the Tudor and Jacobean architectural style.
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka and was completed in 1931 in the architectural style of Tudor and Jacobean.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka, whose leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe.
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka, where the capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and the currency is the Sri Lankan rupee.
The Mason School of Business is located in the United States and are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall, the building of which began on 30 March 2007.
San Francisco born architect Julia Morgan designed the grounds of Asilomar Conference as well as the significant buildings of the Riverside Art Museum.
Californian born architect Julia Morgan designed Asilomar Conference Grounds and Chinatown in San Francisco.
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located at Asilomare Blvd., Pacific Grove, California. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February the 27nd 1987 with the reference number 87000823.
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in Avenue A, Manhattan and were constructed in 1904. They were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980-04-23.
Asser Levy Public Baths, built in 1904, is located in New York City and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980-04-23.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin, who was born in Birmingham, where the leader is the Conservative Party (UK).
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin who was born in Birmingham which is led by the Liberal Democrats.
Hailemariam Desalegn is the leader of Ethiopia where Addis Ababa City Hall is located in the city of the same name in Ethiopia.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat where the leader is Anandiben Patel.
Bill Marriott is a key person at Marriott International which is located in Bethesda, Maryland and is the tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen.
(19255) 1994 VK8 has an escape velocity of 0.0925 kilometres per second, a mass of 5.6 kilograms and an apoapsis of.0 kilometres.
The dark asteroid 1000 Piazzia has an orbital period of 488160.0, a periapsis of.0 and an epoch of 2015-06-27.
101 Helena has a mass of 3.0 kilograms, an escape velocity of 0.0348 km per sec and an apoapsis of.0 kilometres.
James Craig Watson, who died in Madison, Wisconsin, discovered 103 Hera, which has an epoch date of August 27th 2011.
103 Hera was discovered by James Craig Watson who died of peritonitis in Madison, Wisconsin.
103 Hera has an epoch date of August 27th 2011, an orbital period of 1622.213 days and an apoapsis of.0 kilometres.
Englishman N.R. Pogson, who was born in Nottingham, discovered 107 Camilla.
1089 Tama, formerly known as A894 VA; A904 VD, has an epoch date of 26 November 2005 and an orbital period of 1202.846 days.
1089 Tama has an epoch date of November 26th 2005. It has a periapsis of.0 and its apoapsis is.0 kilometres.
1097 Vicia, formerly known as 1928 PC, has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 and a periapsis of.0.
109 Felicitas has an epoch date of December 31st 2006, a mass of 7.5kg and an orbital period of.0.
109 Felicitas has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 and an orbital period of.0. Its apoapsis is.0 kilometres.
10 Hygiea has an average speed of 16.76 kilometres per second, an orbital period of 5.57 days and an apoapsis of.33968 kilometres.
10 Hygiea has an average speed of 16.76 kilometres per second, a surface area of 837080.744 square kilometres and an apoapsis of.33968 kilometres.
110 Lydia has an epoch date of December 31st 2006, a mass of 6.7 kg and a periapsis of.0.
110 Lydia has an epoch date of December 31st 2006. It has a periapsis of.0 and its apoapsis is.0 kilometres.
Albany is part of the state of Georgia in the United States where Native Americans are an ethnic group.
Alexandria, Indiana is 265 above sea level, has a total area of 6.81 sq km and a population density of 755.3 inhabitants per sq km.
Alpharetta is part of the state of Georgia in the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Alpharetta is part of Fulton County, Georgia, in the United States, where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Alpharetta is part of the state of Georgia, in the United States, where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Anaheim, California has a UTC offset of -8,its area codes are 657 and 714 and its total area is 131.6 sq km.
The United States House of Representatives leads Anaheim, California, United States.
Anderson, Indiana is 268.0 above sea level, has a total area of 107.43 square kilometres and a population density of 523.9 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Angola is part of Steuben County, Indiana, United States.
Arlington, Texas is located at 184.0 above sea level, has a population density of 1472 people per sq km and a total area of 258.2 sq km.
Arlington is part of the state of Texas in the United States. Houston is the largest city in Texas.
Atlanta is part of Georgia in the United States, where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is in the United States. Trenton is the capital of New Jersey.
Atlantic City, New Jersey, is in the United States, where the capital is Washington, D.C.
Attica, Indiana is 166 above sea level, has a total area of 4.14 sq km and a population density of 783.1 inhabitants per sq km.
Auburn is part of Lee County in Alabama, United States.
Auburn is part of Washington (state), the capital of which is Olympia, in the United States.
With a total area of 703.95 square kilometres, Austin (Texas), has a population density of 1296.65 inhabitants per square kilometre, and the area codes, 512 and 737.
Alpharetta is part of the state of Georgia, in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Alexandria is part of Monroe Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States.
Atlantic City is part of New Jersey in the U.S. Newark is the largest city in New Jersey.
Arlington is part of Texas, United States, where Spanish is spoken.
Auburn is part of King County, Washington, in the United States, the capital of which, is Washington, D.C.
Atlantic City is part of New Jersey in the United States, the capital of which is Washington, D.C.
Angola is part of the state of Indiana in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Albany is part of Benton County, Oregon, in the United States, where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States which is the location of Austin, Texas where the leader is the Mayor.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is in the United States and is led by the State Senate. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.
Albany, Georgia is in the United States where English is spoken and African Americans are an ethnic group.
The comic character Asterix was created by Albert Uderzo and the French national, René Goscinny.
Tim Brooke-Taylor starred in Bananaman which was broadcast by the BBC and last aired on 15 April 1986.
Baymax first appeared in the Walt Disney Studios distributed film Big Hero 6, starring Scott Adsit.
Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures is the distributor of the film Big Hero 6 which stars Scott Adsit and has Baymax as a character.
Big Hero 6, distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures, stars Ryan Potter and has Baymax as a character.
The comic character Blockbuster, also known as Mark Desmond, was created by Gardner Fox and Carmine Infantino.
Larry Bolatinsky is the alternative name for the comic character Bolt who was created by Gary Cohn and Dan Mishkin.
Larry Bolatinsky is the alternative name for the comic character Bolt who was created by Ernie Colon and Gary Cohn.
Guanciale is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce, a traditional Italian sauce from Lazio.
Arem-arem is a Javanese dish made with compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
Tomato belongs to the division of flowering plants and the family of solanaceae. It is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce.
Arrabbiata sauce contains olive oil and is from Rome, Italy.
Arrabbiata sauce is a traditional dish from Rome, Italy. One of its ingredients is tomato.
The main ingredients of Asam pedas are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce. It is a food found in the Malay Peninsula in Malaysia.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia, where Arifin Zakaria is a leader and the capital is Kuala Lumpur.
Ayam penyet is a food found in Malaysia and Indonesia. The Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group from Malaysia.
The BLT is a variation of both the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich. Lettuce is one of its ingredients.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and White Americans are an ethnic group.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where John Roberts is a leader and the capital city is Washington D.C.
Bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of the BLT and club sandwich.
Sponge cake is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which comes from France and New York.
Baked Alaska is from France where Manuel Valls is a leader and the currency is the Euro.
Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which comes from the region of New York in the United States.
Sponge cake is an ingredient of Baked Alaska, a dessert. Cookies are also a type of dessert.
Bakewell pudding is a dessert from the Derbyshire Dales region that contains ground almond, jam, butter and eggs.
Bakewell pudding (or tart) originates from the Derbyshire Dales. Its main ingredients are ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs.
Beef is an ingredient of Bakso which comes from Indonesia.
Avocado is one of the ingredients in the Colombian dish Bandeja paisa which comes from the Paisa region.
Bandeja paisa, containing hogao, is a typical Colombian cuisine from the Paisa region.
Barny cakes can be found in France where the leaders are Claude Bartolone and Manuel Valls.
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines and the main ingredients are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines and the main ingredients are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapore and Indonesia. Tony Tan is the leader of Singapore.
Sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from Singapore and Indonesia.
Oyster sauce is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from Singapore and Indonesia.
Bhajji comes from India where Sumitra Mahajan is the leader and the currency is the Indian rupee.
Binignit is a dessert that contains banana. Cookies are also a type of dessert.
Sago is an ingredient of binignit, a dessert. Cookies are also a type of dessert.
Taro is an ingredient of Binignit, a dessert. Cookies are also a type of dessert.
The main ingredients of binignit are sweet potatoes (part of the order of Solanales) and banana.
Granola is an ingredient of Bionico, a dessert found in Mexico.
Bionico contains raisins and is found in Guadalajara, Mexico.
Bionico is a food found in Mexico where the currency is the peso and the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo.
Amatriciana sauce can be found in Italy where Pietro Grasso is the leader and Rome is the capital.
The Igorot people are an ethnic group from the Philippines where Arabic is one of the languages spoken and batchoy is eaten.
Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapore where English is spoken and the leader is Tony Tan.
Tomato is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce and is part of the family of solanaceae and the order of Solanales.
The A-Rosa Luna has a ship displacement of 1850 tonnes, a top speed of 24.0 and is 125800.0 millimetres long.
The AIDAstella is 253260.0 millimetres long and was christened on the 16th of March 2013. It began service on March 17th 2013.
The ALCO RS-3 has a four-stroke engine and is 17068.8 millimetres long. It was built by the American Locomotive Company.
The ALCO RS-3 has a V12 engine and is 17068.8 millimetres long. It was built by the American Locomotive Company.
The ALCO RS-3 is 17068.8 millimetres long and was built by the American Locomotive Company founded in Schenectady, New York.
ALV X-1 hails from the US where Native Americans are an ethnic group and Washington D.C. is the capital.
The ALV X-1 rocket has 2 stages and a diameter of 1.524 metres. It was launched once.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe has a Coupe body style, a straight-four engine and rolled off the production line in 1958.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe is a two door model with a wheelbase of 2160 millimetres and a width of 1.55 metres.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built at the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard in Helsinki. It has a ship beam of 21.2.
The Alfa Romeo 164, related to the Fiat Croma, is assembled in Italy, where Rome is the capital.
The Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Milan, is related to the Fiat Croma and the Saab 9000.
The Alhambra ship beam is 8.3m and it is 63800.0 millimetres long. It was launched on 31st May 1855.
The Alhambra, which was wrecked, was launched on 31 May 1855 and had a ship beam of 8.3m.
The Alvis Speed 25 was made by the Alvis Car and Engineering Company which was founded in Coventry. It has a petrol engine.
Roy D Chapin Jr. is a key person at American Motors which manufactures the AMC Matador and was succeeded by Eagle.
The Antares rocket is manufactured at the Yuzhnoye Design Office and is comparable to the Delta II from the United States.
The Antares rocket is a medium expendable launch system built by the Yuzhnoye Design Office and launched at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0.
The Ariane 5 was manufactured by Arianespace and launched at ELA-3 at the Guiana Space Centre.
The Aston Martin V8, assembled in the United Kingdom, has a 5.3 litre engine and is a related means of transport to the Aston Martin DBS.
The Atlas II, from the United States, was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base and Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
The Atlas II, from the United States, was launched from the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station and the Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36.
AIDAluna, owned by AIDA Cruises, is powered by Illinois based Caterpillar Inc.
The AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruises and owned by Costa Crociere who are located in Genoa.
The Antares rocket is comparable with the Delta II which originates from the United States and was launched at the Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2.
The launch site of the Ariane 5 was ELA-3 launchpad at the Guiana Space Centre in French Guiana.
The launch site of the Ariane 5 was ELA-3 launchpad at the Guiana Space Centre in Kourou, French Guiana.
Neptun Werft is located in Rostock, Germany and built the A-Rosa Luna.
Atlas II originates from the United States, where Americans live and where African Americans are an ethnic group.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania, United States. To the southeast of Adams County lies Carroll County, Maryland.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Gettysburg, Adams County, Pennsylvania, which has Carroll County, Maryland to its southeast.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, also known as Turk Sehitleri Aniti, is located in Baku, the capital of Azerbaijan.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan where the leader is Artur Rasizade and the legislature is the National Assembly.
The Atatürk Monument (İzmir) is located in Turkey, where the capital is Ankara and the leader is Ahmet Davutoglu.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, born in the Kingdom of Sarawak, was succeeded by Abdul Rahman Ya'kub, whose deputy is Stephen Yong Kuet Tze.
Niger State born Abdulsalami Abubakar studied at the Technical Institute Kaduna and worked as the Nigerian Chief of the Defence Staff.
Abdulsalami Abubakar, who served in the Nigerian Army, was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo, who was in office while Atiku Abubaker was Vice President.
Abel Caballero was born in Ponteareas, Galicia, Spain and worked as a Member of the Congress of Deputies.
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia, Spain and is a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party.
Abner W. Sibal served in the United States Army and fought in World War II where Joseph Stalin was a commander.
Abner W. Sibal was born in Ridgewood, Queens and was a member of the Republican party of the United States. He was also part of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District.
Adam Holloway was in the Grenadier Guards in the military and fought in the Gulf War where George H. W. Bush was a commander.
Born in Faversham, Adam Holloway, is a member of the Tories and his alma mater is Magdalene College, Cambridge.
Adam Koc fought in the Polish–Soviet War, which was part of the Russian Civil War and was commanded by Leon Trotsky.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece and worked as the Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally.
Adonis Georgiadis is a member of the Greek New Democracy Party whose colour is blue. He was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister.
Agnes Kant, a national of the Netherlands, worked as the Parliamentary group leader. The Netherlands is led by Mark Rutte.
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands, where the leader is Mark Rutte and the currency is the Euro.
Airey Neave, who fought in the Battle of France and was awarded the Military Cross, ended his career on 30th March 1979.
Airey Neave, who fought in World War II, began his career on March 4th 1974 and ended it on 30th March 1979.
Born 22nd September 1856, Albert B. White, died in Parkersburg, West Virginia, in 1941.
Agnes Ward White was the wife of Albert B. White, who started his career on March 4, 1901 and finished it on March 5th 1905.
Staten Island was the birthplace of Albert Jennings Fountain, who fought in the American Civil War, during which, Abraham Lincoln was a commander.
Albert Jennings Fountain served in the 1st Regiment New Mexico Volunteer Cavalry and fought in the American Civil War where Jefferson Davis was a commander.
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina and was a member of the Justicialist Party. He worked as the Provisional President of the Argentine Senate.
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina and served as Rear Admiral in the Argentine Navy before being succeeded by Isaac Rojas.
Connecticut born Alfred N Phillips was the Mayor of Stamford Connecticut and was succeeded by Albert E Austin.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Darien, Connecticut and worked at the United States House of Representatives. He was succeeded by Albert E. Austin.
Allan Shivers, a member of the Democratic Party in the United States, was Governor of Texas and was succeeded by Price Daniel.
Born in Georgia, Vermont, Alvah Sabin, was a member of the United States Whig Party, the leader of which, was Henry Clay.
Alvah Sabin represented Vermont's 3rd Congressional District and ended his career on 1857-03-03.
Jefferson Davis was a commander in the American Civil War which included the Battle of Gettysburg in which Alfred Moore Scales fought.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria and died in Graz. Doris Bures is a leader in Austria.
Aaron S Daggett fought in the Battle of Antietam, part of the American Civil War conflict, where Robert E Lee was a commander.
Jefferson Davis was a commander in the American Civil War which included the Battle of the Wilderness in which Aaron S Daggett fought.
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam and is a national of the Netherlands where the Euro is the currency.
Jens Härtel has been the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg and is part of the club 1. FC Lokomotive Leipzig and SV Germania Schoneiche.
Massimo Drago has been the manager of A C Cesena, he played for A.S.D. Licata 1931 and was at the club ASD Nola 1925.
Associazione Calcio Lumezzane SpA (abbreviated to A.C. Lumezane) is in the Lega Pro/A league and has 4150 members.
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez manages the A.D. Isidro Metapan, plays for Alianza F.C. and the El Salvador national football team.
Antonis Milionis is the chairman of A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis which has 1500 members and its ground is located in the town of Efxenoupoli.
The full name of A.F.C. Blackpool is Association Football Club Blackpool, they have 1500 members and their ground is in Blackpool.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer) who is attached to Chesterfield Football Club and plays for Runcorn FC Halton.
AFC Fylde's manager is Dave Challinor who played football for Stockport County FC and Colwyn Bay FC.
Livorno Calcio S.p.A., abbreviated to A.S. Livorno, has 19238 members and its ground is in Livorno Italy.
A.S. Livorno Calcio are managed by Christian Panucci and play in Serie B. Carpi FC 1909 are previous champions of that league.
A.S. Livorno Calcio are managed by Christian Panucci who has played for Chelsea FC and Real Madrid CF.
AEK Athens F.C.'s ground is in Greece and they compete in the Superleague Greece. Previous champions of the league are Olympiacos FC.
AEK Athens F.C. manager is Gus Poyet, who has played for Chelsea FC and Real Zaragoza.
Amsterdam-Centrum is part of Amsterdam where Eberhard van der Laan is the leader and AFC Ajax (amateurs)'s ground is located.
Amsterdam-Noord is part of Amsterdam where Eberhard van der Laan is the leader and AFC Ajax (amateurs)'s ground is located.
John van den Brom has been manager of AZ Alkmaar and plays for both Jong Ajax and Istanbulspor A.S.
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is the Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca and they play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil.
Luciano Spalletti manages A.S. Roma and plays for Udinese Calcio and Empoli F.C.
Massimo Drago is attached to the club S.S. Chieti Calcio, was at the club ASD Licata 1931 and manages A.C. Cesena.
Massimo Drago played for U.S Castrovillari Calcio, manages A.C. Cesena and was at the club ASD S.S. Nola 1925.
Massimo Drago has been the manager of A.C. Cesena and is attached to the club S.S. Chieti Calcio. He is also in the U.S Castrovillari club.
AWH Engineering College in Kerala, India has 250 academic staff.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University.
AWH Engineering College is located in Kerala which is led by Kochi and has Mahe, India to its northwest.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania. The country's anthem is Deșteaptă-te, române! and its ethnic group is the Germans of Romania.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania. The country's leader is Klaus Iohannis and its ethnic group is Germans of Romania.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the European University Association headquartered in Brussels.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark was established in 1928.
Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint are the authors of 1634: The Bavarian Crisis which was put in print and has 448 pages.
1634: The Ram Rebellion is written in English, which is spoken in Great Britain. It was preceded by 1634 The Galileo Affair.
Alexander L. Wolf is the leader of the Association for Computing Machinery which is based in New York City and publishes ACM Transactions on Information Systems.
The Aids Journal, with ISSN number 0269-9370, comes under the academic discipline HIV/AIDS.
The Aids Journal, with ISSN number 1473-5571, comes under the academic discipline HIV/AIDS.
A T Charlie Johnson lives in the U.S. and his alma mater is Stanford University. He is the editor of AIP Advances.
A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by J.V. Jones. It has an OCLC number of 51969173 and an ISBN number of 0-7653-0633-6.
Qiu Xiaolong is the author of A Loyal Character Dancer which has the OCLC number 49805501 and ISBN number 1-56947-301-3.
A Loyal Character Dancer is written in English and published by Soho Press in the United States.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States and is written in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain.
A Severed Wasp is available in hardcover and has 388 pages. The OCLC number is 8805735.
Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg (abbreviated to Abh. Math. Semin. Univ. Hambg.) has the ISSN number 1865-8784 and the LCCN number 32024459.
Aenir, written in English, was followed by Above the Veil, which was written by Australians.
Aenir, written by Garth Nix, was followed by Above the Veil, which is written in English.
Garth Nix is the author of Above the Veil which is available in hardcover and has 248 pages.
The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica (abbrv. ActaPalaeontol. Pol) has the ISSN number 0567-7920 and the LCCN number 60040714.
Addiction Journal (abbreviated to Addiction) comes under the academic discipline of addiction and has the ISSN number 1360-0443.
John Wiley & Sons is the parent company of Wiley-Blackwell, the publisher of Addiction journal, which has the ISSN number 0965-2140.
Cornell University in New York is affiliated with the Association of American Universities and publishes Administrative Science Quarterly.
Aenir, written in English by Garth Nix, was followed by Above the Veil.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States and written in English, the language spoken in Great Britain.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is published in Hardcover and has 320 pages. The OCLC number is 78771100.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from The United States where English is spoken (as in Great Britain).
John Cowper Powys, author of A Glastonbury Romance, was born in Shirley, Derbyshire and died in Blaenau Ffestiniog.
SAGE Publications, founded by Sara Miller McCune, is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly, ISSN number 0001-8392.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States, where Native Americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is Washington D.C.
A Wizard of Mars was published in English in the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
A Wizard of Mars was Published in the United States, where the capital is Washington D.C. and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group and the leader is called the President.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where Native Americans are an ethnic group and the leader is called the President.
Aarhus Airport is operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A/S and is 25 metres above sea level. The runway name is 10L/28R and has a length of 2776.0.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves Lake Placid and Saranac Lake, New York. It is 507 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2003.0.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas and is operated by ENAIRE. The runway name is 18L/36R and it has a length of 3500.0.
Agra Airport is located in India and operated by the Indian Air Force. The IATA location identifier for the airport is AGR and the ICAO location identifier is VIAG.
The Airports Authority of India is the operating organisation of Agra Airport which is located in Agra. The IATA location identifier for the airport is AGR and the ICAO location identifier is VIAG.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in Iraq. The runway name is 08/26 and it has a length of 3990.0.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in Al Anbar Province, Iraq. The runway name is 09R/27L and it has a length of 3990.0.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who were involved in battles at the invasion of Grenada. They deploy the Lockheed AC-130 attack aircraft and the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle fighter aircraft.
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority governs the Allama Iqbal International Airport in Pakistan which serves the city of Lahore. The airport has a runway length of 2900.0.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam and is -3.3528 above sea level. The runway name is 09/27 Buitenveldertbaan and has a length of 2014.0.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam and is -3.3528 metres above sea level. The runway name is 18L/36R Aalsmeerbaan and has a length of 2014.0.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas and serves the city of Andrews. It is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 929.0.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. The capital of Texas is Austin and the inhabitants have the demonym of Tejano.
Angola International Airport is located in Icolo e Bengo, Luanda Province, Angola and serves the city of Luanda.
Antwerp International Airport, which serves the city of Antwerp, is operated by the Flemish department of mobility and public works. The airport is 12 metres above sea level, and is owned by the FCFlemish Region.
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens in Greece. Prokopis Pavlopoulos and Alexis Tsipras are leaders in that country.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. It serves Atlantic City, N.J. whose leader is Don Guardian.
The Four World Trade Center is the headquarters of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey who operate Atlantic City International Airport. The airport is located at Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the operating organisation of Atlantic City International Airport which is 23 metres above sea level. The runway name is 4/22 and it has a length of 1873.0.
Philippe of Belgium is the leader of Belgium where the Dutch language is spoken. Antwerp is a popular tourist destination in the country and is served by the international airport known as Antwerk International Airport.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport can be found in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas. The airport is operated by ENAIRE which is located in the city of Madrid in Spain.
Afonso Pena International Airport is operated by Infraero in Brasilia. The airport is 911 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1800.0.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq. The country is led by Haider al-Abadi and uses the Arabic language.
Anwar Zaheer Jamali is the leader of Pakistan where Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Punjab and serves the city of Lahore.
Malik Muhammad Rafique Rajwana is the leader of Punjab, Pakistan where Allama Iqbal International airport is located and serves the city of Lahore.
The surface of the 1st runway at Alderney airport is poaceae. Poaceae belongs to the division of flowering plants and the order of Poales and Commelinids.
Aaron Turner is a singer who performs electroacoustic music. He has played with Isis and Sumac.
Black metal electric guitarist Aaron Turner is a member of Sumac. Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal.
Ace Wilder was born in Sweden on July 23, 1982. He is a solo singer.
Ace Wilder was born in Stockholm in 1982. He is a songwriter with a background as a solo singer.
Ace Wilder was born in Sweden in 1982. He is a songwriter and a solo singer.
Rhythm and blues artist Ahmet Ertegun is from Washington D.C., United States. He started out as a non performing personnel.
Ahmet Ertegun is a rock and roll musician from the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. Rock and roll originated from blues music.
Rhythm and blues artist Albennie Jones ended his career in 1950. R & B originates from blues and lends itself to disco.
Albennie Jones was born in the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group. He plays jazz music which originated from blues music.
Rhythm and blues solo singer Aleksandra Kovač was born 1972 in the Socialist Republic of Serbia.
Acoustic musician Alex Day, who began performing in 2006, plays with the band Chameleon Circuit and is associated with Charlie McDonnell.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, England in 1872 and died in London.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay. The leader of Montevideo is the politician Daniel Martínez. The people of Uruguay are called Uruguayans.
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Uruguay and started out as a solo singer. His musical genre is Candombe and his record label is RCA Records.
Alison O'Donnell started performing folk music in 1963. She was a member of the Flibbertigibbet band and is associated with Bajik.
Jazz musician Alison O'Donnell is signed with Deram Records and Floating World Records. Deram records is located in London.
Allen Forrest was born in Fort Campbell in 1981. He is an acoustic solo singer.
Allen Forrest was born 1981 in Fort Campbell, KY and was raised in Dothan, AL. Originally a solo singer, his musical genre is hip hop.
Andrew White is associated with the musical artist Marry Banilow and his genre is alternative rock. Nu metal is a music fusion genre of alternative rock which has its stylistic origins in Punk rock.
Anders Osborne was signed to the record label Alligator Records which is located in Chicago and associated with the Blues. He is now signed to Shanachie Records.
Andra was born in Romania and began her career as a solo singer. She is a singer of dance pop music.
Andra is a rhythm and blues (originated from blues music) singer. Funk and disco are derivatives of rhythm & blues.
Trance musician Andrew Rayel is associated with artists Jwaydan Moyine and Christian Burns. Trance originates from house music.
Andrew White started his musical career in 2003 and plays alternative rock for the Kaiser Chiefs band. He is associated with the musical artist Marry Banilow.
Andrew White started his musical career in 2003 and is associated with the musical artist Marry Banilow. He is a member of the band Kaiser Chiefs and was once signed to the now defunct Universal Records.
Al Anderson plays country music with NRBQ and was a member of The Wildweeds. Banjo is a banjo instrument.
Allen Forrest performs hip hop music which has its origins in disco and funk. Drum and bass is a derivative of Hip hop music.
Aaron Turner is a performer of the musical genre Post metal which uses the cello. He played with the band Twilight and performed for House of Low Culture.
Electric guitarist Aaron Turner played with the black metal band Twilight. Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal.
Albennie Jones was born in the United States, where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups. He plays rhythm and blues, which originated from blues music.
American Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas. He was selected by NASA in 1963 and spent 100305 minutes in space.
Alan Shepard was a crew member of NASA's Apollo 14 and was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy, which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong where Chris Patten served as a representative. He was a crew member of Apollo 8 along with Frank Borman.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He was a crew member of Apollo 11 and is now retired.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and was selected by NASA in 1963. He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11.
Edwin Eugene Aldrin Jr. otherwise known as Buzz Aldrin was a crew member of NASA's Apollo 11. He won 20 awards.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy, which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
Alan Shepard was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy, which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal. He died in California, where Dianne Feinstein is a senator.
Elliot See was an American who was born in Dallas and died in St Louis. He attended the University of Texas at Austin.
William Anders was a fighter pilot who joined NASA in 1963 and became a member of the Apollo 8 crew.
Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen II in the 3 Liga league and is managed by Alexander Nouri.
Abel Hernández played youth football for Peñarol who are managed by Jorge Orosmán da Silva. He later played for Central Español and US Citta di Palermo.
Adam McQuaid, who weighs 94.8024 kilograms, was born on Prince Edward Island on 12 October 1986.
Akeem Ayers was born July 10th, 1989 and his debut team was the Tennessee Titans. His former team is the St. Louis Rams.
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia on 27 September 1987. He made his debut with the Atlanta Falcons and later played for the Houston Texans.
Alaa Abdul Zahra's club is AL Kharaitiyat SC which is located in Al Khor and managed by Amar Osim. He also plays for Al-Zawra'a SC.
Alaa Abdul Zahra's club is AL Kharaitiyat SC which is located in Al Khor and managed by Amar Osim. He also plays for the Iraq national under 23 football team.
Alan Martin was born on 1 January 1989 and is 185.42 cm tall. He plays for Crewe Alexandra FC and the Scotland national under 21 football team.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 24 February 1989 and is 185 cm tall. He has played for FC Dynamo Moscow and FC Kuban Krasnodar.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 24 February 1989 and is 185 cm tall. He has played for FC Spartak Moscow and FC Rubin Kazan.
Aleksandre Guruli was born in Batumi and is 178 cm tall. He has played for FC Karpaty Lviv and FC Zestafoni.
Alex Plante, whose club is Anyang Halla, was born in Canada on May 9th 1989.
Alex Plante was born in 1989 in Canada. He is 1.9304m tall and plays for Anyang Halla.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada, where the leader is Elizabeth II and the national anthem is O Canada. Inuktitut is one of the languages spoken in Canada.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada, where Elizabeth II is the leader and O Canada is the national anthem. Asian Canadians are one of the ethnic groups in Canada.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar and his club is FC Terek Grozny. Rashid Rakhimov is the manager of FC Terezny, the ground of which, is located in Grozhny.
Akeem Dent, who made his debut with the Atlanta Falcons, used to play for the Houston Texans who are based in the city of Houston in Texas.
Abel Hernández played youth football for Peñarol who play in the Uruguayan Primera División. He now plays for Hull City A.F.C. which is managed by Steve Bruce.
103 Colmore Row in Birmingham has 23 floors and was started in 1973 and completed in 1976.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, the capital of which is Cape Town. Asian South Africans are one of the ethnic groups of South Africa and another is the coloured people.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States, whose governing body is Cleveland City Council.
250 Delaware Avenue, Buffalo, New York, has 12 floors, a floor area of 30843.8 square metres, and cost 110 million dollars.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, Cook County, Illinois, United States. Rahm Emanuel is a leader in Chicago.
300 North LaSalle, Illinois, has 60 floors, a floor area of 120770.0 square metres, and was completed in 2009.
3Arena, owned by Live Nation Entertainment, is located in Dublin, Leinster, Republic of Ireland.
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen which was designed by architects 3XN and has 23 floors.
Adare Manor is located in Adare, County Limerick, Munster. The Limerick City and County Council governs CountyLimerick.
The Brazilians are an ethnic group in Japan which is the location of the Akita Museum of Art in Akita, Akita Prefecture.
The Filipinos are an ethnic group in Japan which is the location of the Akita Museum of Art in Akita, Akita Prefecture.
The Vietnamese are an ethnic group in Japan which is the location of the Akita Museum of Art in Akita Prefecture in the city of Akita.
The Brazilians are an ethnic group in Japan which is the location of the Akita Museum of Art in Akita Prefecture in the city of Akita.
The College of William and Mary is the owner of Alan B. Miller Hall, which was completed on 1 June 2009 at 101 Ukrop Way, Williamsburg, Virginia.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India. Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders in India.
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located in Pacific Grove, California and was constructed in 1913. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987 with the reference number 87000823.
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in Avenue A, Manhattan and were constructed in 1904. They were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980-04-23 with the reference number 80002709.
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, where Cyrus Vance Jr. is a leader. Manhattan and Brooklyn are both parts of New York city.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, part of Gale Brewer led Manhattan, in the United States.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin, who was born in Birmingham (postcode area 'B'), where the leader is Andrew Mitchell.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin, who was born in Birmingham (postcode area 'B'), led by the UK Labour Party.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India. Gujarat's leader is Anandiben Patel and another leader in India is Sumitra Mahajan.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India. T S Thakur and Narendra Modi are leaders in India.
The Brazilians are an ethnic group in Japan which is the location of the Akita Museum of Art in Akita, Akita Prefecture.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom which is led by Elizabeth II and has the capital city of London. London is led via the Parliament of the UK.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where the leader is known as the President. Joe Biden is a leader in the US, where English is the language spoken.
(19255) 1994 VK8 has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 and an orbital period of.0. Its periapsis is.0 and the apoapsis kilometres.
The dark asteroid 1000 Piazzia has an epoch date of June 27th 2015. It has an orbital period of 488160.0, a periapsis of.0 and an escape velocity of 0.0252 km per sec.
Walter Baade, who was born in the German Empire, discovered 1036 Ganymed. His alma mater was the University of Gottingen and his doctoral student was Allan Sandage.
Halton Arp was a doctoral student of Walter Baade, the discoverer of 1036 Ganymed. Baade studied at the University of Gottingen and died in West Germany.
103 Hera was discovered by James Craig Watson, whose alma mater was the University of Michigan. He died of peritonitis in Madison, Wisconsin.
103 Hera, with an apoapsis of.0 kilometres, was discovered by James Craig Watson, a Canadian national, who died in Madison, Wisconsin.
N.R. Pogson was born in Nottingham and died in Chennai. He discovered 107 Camilla which has a periapsis of.0 kilometres.
1089 Tama was formerly known as A894 VA; A904 VD and has the epoch date of 26 November 2005. It has an orbital period of 1202.846 days and a periapsis of.0.
1089 Tama has an escape velocity of 0.0068 kilometres per second, an orbital period of 1202.846 days, an epoch date of 26 November 2005, and an apoapsis of.0 kilometres.
1097 Vicia has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 and a mass of 9.8 kgs. Its orbital period is.0 and it has an apoapsis of.0 km.
109 Felicitas has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 and an escape velocity of 0.0473 km per sec. Its periapsis is.0 and it has an orbital period of.0.
10 Hygiea, formerly known as A900 GA, has an orbital period of 5.57 days and a periapsis of.0. Its epoch date is 2015-06-27.
1101 Clematis has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 and an escape velocity of 0.02 km per sec. It has an orbital period of.0 and an apoapsis of kilometres.
The epoch of 1101 Clematis, formerly known as 1928 SJ, is on 31 December 2006. It has an orbital period of.0 and its periapsis is.0.
1101 Clematis has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 and an escape velocity of 0.02 kilometres per second. It has an orbital period of.0 and its periapsis is.0.
Albany is part of the state of Georgia in the United States. English is spoken in the U.S. and Native Americans are an ethnic group.
Alpharetta is part of Fulton County, Georgia in the United States. Atlanta is the county seat of that county.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas, in the United States, where Washington, D.C. is the capital, and where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Anaheim is part of California, where Spanish is spoken. Anaheim is led by the California State Assembly, which is located in the State Capitol.
Angola is part of the state of Indiana in the United States. The country where Americans live and where Native Americans are an ethnic group.
The Mayor is the leader of Atlantic City, New Jersey, which has a total area of 44.125 square kilometres and a population density of 1421.2 inhabitants per square kilometre. The area code for Atlantic City is 609.
Auburn is part of Lee County in Alabama, United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama, United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.
Auburn is part of Lee County in Alabama, United States. Opelika is the county seat in Lee County.
Auburn is part of King County, Washington in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington, D.C.
Austin is part of Williamson County, Texas, where Georgetown is the county seat. Houston is the largest city in Texas.
Austin is part of Hays County, Texas where the county seat is San Marcos. Houston is the largest city in Texas.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Adams Fall Creek, Lafayette, Richland, Union. Indianapolis is the capital of Indiana, United States.
Anderson is part of Lafayette Township, Madison County, Indiana in the U.S. Indianapolis is the capital of Indiana.
Arlington is part of the state of Texas in the United States. Houston is the largest city in Texas where English is spoken.
Albany is part of Benton County, Oregon in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington, D.C. and African Americans are an ethnic group there.
Atlantic City is part of New Jersey in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington, D.C. and its largest city is New York.
Angola is part of the state of Indiana in the United States. The country where African Americans are an ethnic group and where Americans live.
Angola is part of Steuben County, Indiana in the United States. The country where African Americans are an ethnic group and where Americans live.
Albany is part of Linn County, Oregon, in the United States, where Washington, D.C. is the capital, and where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Akron is in Summit County, Ohio, in the United States, where English is spoken, and where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama, in the United States, where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Auburn is part of Lee County in Alabama, United States. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is in the United States where English is spoken and the leader is called the President.
Angola, Indiana is in the United States, where English is spoken and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Angola, Pleasant Township, Steuben County, Indiana is in the United States. English is spoken in the U.S. and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
English is the language of the United States, where Native Americans are an ethnic group. The US is home to Akron, which is part of Summit County in Ohio.
Rona Fairhead is a key person at the BBC which is located in Broadcasting House in London. The BBC broadcast Bananaman and also produce BBC radio.
Bananaman first aired on STV on 3 October 1983. It was created by Steve Bright and starred Jill Shilling.
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 which stars Ryan Potter. He was created by the American, Duncan Rouleau.
Larry Bolatinsky is the alternative name for the comic character Bolt who was created by Gary Cohn and the Puerto Rican national, Ernie Colon.
Tomatoes, guanciale, cheese, olive oil are the main ingredients of Amatriciana sauce, a traditional Italian sauce from Lazio.
Arrabbiata sauce can be found in Italy where Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella are leaders and Rome is the capital.
Arròs negre is a traditional dish from the Catalonia region of Spain. The main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers.
Arròs negre is a traditional dish from the Catalonia region of Spain. The main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers.
Arròs negre is a traditional dish from the Catalonia region of Spain, where Spaniards are an ethnic group. Catalonia is led by the Parliament of Catalonia.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia and Sumatra. The Malaysian Malay are an ethnic group from Malaysia and the Batak are a Sumatran ethnic group.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia and Sumatra. Malays and Minangkabau people are ethnic groups of Sumatra and Malaysia.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. The capital city is Washington D.C.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where John Roberts is a leader and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. The capital city is Washington D.C.
Ketchup can be an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is popular in the UK. Variations on the sandwich include the BLT and club sandwich.
Bacon sandwiches are popular in the UK and the main ingredients are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment. The sandwich can also be known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, a bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin.
Baked Alaska is a dessert from the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. Cookies are also a type of dessert.
The main ingredients of Baked Alaska are meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding. The dish is popular in Paris, New York and Hong Kong and originated in the United States.
Meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding are the main ingredients in Baked Alaska which hails from Hong Kong and is thought to have originated in the United States, France or China.
Meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding are the main ingredients in Baked Alaska which hails from Hong Kong and the United States.
Bakewell pudding (or tart) originates from the Derbyshire Dales area of Deryshire. Fruit preserves are an ingredient in Bakewell tart.
Bakso is a traditional dish throughout Indonesia and is popular in neighbouring Southeast Asian countries too. The main ingredients are ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables and fried shallots.
Bakso is a food found in Indonesia. The main ingredients are ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables and fried shallots.
Bandeja paisa is a typical Colombian cuisine from the Paisa region. The main ingredients are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon.
Bandeja paisa is a typical Colombian cuisine from the Paisa region. The main ingredients are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon.
Barny cakes can be found in France where the French language is spoken and the leaders are Gerard Larcher and Francois Hollande.
Batagor comes from the country of Indonesia. It is a variation of Siomay and Shumai (which contains shiitake).
Batchoy is a soup eaten in the Philippines. The main ingredients are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of Beef kway Teow. The dish is popular nationwide in Singapore and Indonesia.
Tony Tan is the leader of Singapore where Standard Chinese is spoken. Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapore and Indonesia.
Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of Beef kway Teow. The dish is popular in Singapore and Indonesia.
Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of Beef kway Teow. The dish is popular in Singapore and Indonesia.
Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders in India where the currency is the rupee and the dish bhajji originates.
Bhajji (also known as Bhaji or bajji) originates from the Karnataka region. The main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables.
Sandesh (confectionery) and binignit are both served as a dessert. The latter dish contains sweet potato and banana.
Sandesh (confectionery) and Binignit are both served as a dessert. The latter dish contains sweet potato and banana.
Granola is an ingredient of Bionico, a dessert found in Guadalajara, Mexico.
Bionico is a food found in Guadalajara, Mexico. The main ingredients are chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins.
Bionico is a food found in the region of Jalisco, Mexico. The main ingredients are chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins.
Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of Mexico where Bionico is a dessert. Honey can be added to bionico.
Matteo Renzi and Pietro Grasso are leaders in Italy, where Rome is the capital and Amatriciana sauce is a traditional dish.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore and Java. The Javanese people are an ethnic group in Java and English is spoken in Singapore.
Sandesh (confectionery) and Binignit are both served as a dessert. The latter dish comes from the Philippines where the language spoken is Philippine English.
Felipe VI of Spain is the leader of Spain where Ajoblanco originates from the Andalusia region where Susana Diaz is a leader.
The AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft and is owned by Costa Crociere. It is operated by AIDA Cruises who are located in Rostock.
The ALCO RS-3 was produced between May 1950 and August 1956 by the American Locomotive Company. It has a V12 engine and a diesel-electric transmission.
The ALCO RS-3 is 17068.8 millimetres long and was built by the American Locomotive Company which was founded in Schenectady, New York and located in the United States.
The ALCO RS-3 was produced between May 1950 and August 1956 by the Montreal Locomotive Works. It has a V12 engine and a diesel-electric transmission.
The ALCO RS-3 was produced between May 1950 and August 1956 by the Montreal Locomotive Works. It has 12 cylinders and a four-stroke engine.
The AMC Matador station wagon is assembled in Mexico City and has an AMC V8 engine. It is also known as the American Motors Matador.
The AMC Matador, also known as VAM Classic, is a mid-size car assembled in Kenosha, Wisconsin with an AMC straight-6 engine.
The Acura TLX is a mid-size car with front-wheel and all-wheel drive and a Honda K engine. It is assembled in Marysville, Ohio.
The Acura TLX is a luxury vehicle assembled at the Marysville Auto Plant. It has a V6 engine and a front engine design layout.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in Helsinki, Finland. The leader of Finland is Juha Sipila and the people are known as Finns.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov, which is in service, was built at the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard in Helsinki. It has a ship beam of 21.2.
The Alfa Romeo 164 was assembled in Italy and has a V6 engine. It is a related means of transport to the Fiat Croma and Saab 9000.
The Alhambra, which was wrecked, was launched on 31 May 1855. It was 63800.0 millimetres long and had a ship beam of 8.3m.
The Alvis Speed 25 was made by the Alvis Car and Engineering Company which was founded in Coventry and succeeded by the Rover Company. It has a petrol engine.
The Alvis Speed 25 was manufactured by the Alvis Car and Engineering Company which was founded in Coventry and succeeded by the Rover Company. It has a straight-six engine.
The American submarine NR-1 was built by General Dynamics Electric Boat and was launched on January 25th 1969. It has a ship beam of 3.8m, a top speed of 8.334 km/h.
The Antares rocket is manufactured at the Yuzhnoye Design Office and was launched at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. Its maiden flight was on April 21st 2013 and its final flight was October 28, 2014.
The Antares rocket is manufactured by the Yuzhnoye Design Office and was launched at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. Its maiden flight was on April 21st 2013 and its final flight was September 18, 2013.
The Aston Martin Virage, made by Aston Martin, succeeded the Aston Martin V8. The latter vehicle was assembled in the United Kingdom, where the capital city is London.
The Aston Martin Virage, manufactured by Aston Martin, succeeded the Aston Martin V8. The latter vehicle has a 5.3 litre engine volume and is a related means of transport to the DBS.
The Atlas II is 3.04m in diameter and was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base and Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. Its final flight was on the 5th December 2002.
The Audi A1 is assembled by Audi Brussels and is classed as a supermini. It has a 1.2 litre engine and a front-engine, front-wheel-drive layout.
AIDAluna, owned by AIDA Cruises, is powered by Caterpillar Inc. Caterpillar, Inc. was founded in California and is located in Illinois.
Meyer Werft built the AIDAstella which is operated by AIDA Cruises and owned by Costa Crociere who are located in Genoa.
The Antares rocket was launched at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. It is comparable to the Delta II which originates from the United States and was launched from the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
The Fiat Croma, Opel Vectra and Alfa Romeo 164 are related means of transport in that they are all cars. The latter car is assembled in Italy and has a sedan body style.
The Fiat Croma, Opel Vectra and Alfa Romeo 164 are related means of transport in that they are all cars. The latter car is assembled in Milan and has a sedan body style.
Neptun Werft, who built the A-Rosa Luna, is located in Rostock, Germany. The leader of Germany is Stanislaw Tillich.
Atlas II originates from the United States, where English is spoken and the capital city is Washington D.C. African Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.
Atlas II originates from the United States, where the capital is Washington D.C. and the inhabitants are called Americans. African Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 in Pennsylvania, United States and falls under the category of Contributing property.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Baku, the capital of Azerbaijan. The leader of the country is Prime Minister Artur Rasizade.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial (known locally as Turk Sehitleri Aniti) is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It is located in Azerbaijan, where the capital is Baku.
Frederick, Maryland is the nearest city to the Monocacy National Battlefield in Frederick County. The Battlefield is the location of the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry monument which was established on 11 July 1907.
Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey where the capital city is Ankara. The country is the location of the bronze Ataturk monument in Izmir.
Pietro Canonica designed the Ataturk Monument in Izmir, Turkey which was inaugurated on 27 July 1932. Turkey's leader is known as the President of Turkey.
Ab Klink was born in the Netherlands and worked at the Ministry of Health, Welfare and Sport. His Alma mater is Erasmus University Rotterdam which is affiliated to the Association of MBAs.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born and resides in the Kingdom of Sarawak. He represented the Asajaya region and his party is the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu.
Abdul Taib Mahmud lives in Sarawak and is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. He was succeeded by Adenan Satem who was born in the Japanese Occupation of British Borneo.
Abdulsalami Abubakar, who served in the Nigerian Army, was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President. Oladipo Diya was Mike's predecessor and Atiku Abubaker was his successor.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was a member of the Nigerian Air Force and was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President. Al-Amin Daggash was the successor to Abubaka, whose predecessor was Oladipo Diya.
Abel Caballero, who was born in Galicia, Spain, was in office while Felipe Gonzalez was Prime Minister and Juan Carlos I of Spain was Monarch. Juan Carlos 1 of Spain's predecessor was Francisco Franco.
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia, Spain and is a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party. He worked as the Minister of Transport.
Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States, the country of birth of Abraham A. Ribicoff, who was born in New Britain, Connecticut, and married to Casey Ribbicoff.
Born in Kent, Adam Holloway began his career on 5th May 2005 and fought in the Gulf War. His alma mater was Magdalene College in Cambridge.
Adam Koc, who died in New York City, fought in the Polish–Soviet War, which was part of the Russian Civil War. Joseph Stalin was a commander in that war.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece. He was Vice President of New Democracy and was succeeded by Makis Voridis.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece. He worked as a Member of the Hellenic Parliament and was succeeded by Makis Voridis.
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands where the leader is Mark Rutte. She worked at the House of Representatives in the Netherlands which is led by Khadija Arib.
Agnes Kant is a member of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands which uses the colour red. She is a national of the Netherlands where the leader is Mark Rutte.
Radboud University Nijmegen alum and House of Representatives member Agnes Kant was born in West Germany and resided in Doesburg.
Knightsbridge, London is the birthplace of Airey Neave, who fought in World War II. His career began on March 4th 1974 and ended on 30th March 1979.
Albert B White was born on 22nd September 1856 and died on the 3rd July 1941.
Albert B. White was born on 22nd September 1856 and died on 3rd July 1941 in Parkersburg, West Virginia.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York where one of the languages spoken is French. He fought in the American Civil War where Jefferson Davis was a commander.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island, New York City and died in Dona Ana County, New Mexico Territory.
Alberto Teisaire was from Argentina where the Spanish language is spoken. He died in Buenos Aires where Horacio Rodríguez Larreta is the leader.
Alberto Teisaire, a national of Argentina, is a member of the Justicialist Party and was in office while Juan Peron was president. Spanish is spoken in Argentina.
Connecticut born Alfred N Phillips served in the United States Army and was Mayor of Stamford Connecticut. Whiskey Rebellion was a battle fought in the U.S.
Connecticut born Alfred N Phillips was a member of the Democratic Party in the United States and worked at the U.S. House of Representatives. He was succeeded by Albert E. Austin.
Allan Shivers began his career on January 21st 1947 and served in the United States Army. He fought in World War II where Joseph Stalin was a commander.
Alvah Sabin was born in Vermont on October 23rd, 1793. He represented Vermont's 3rd Congressional District. Burlington is Vermont's largest city.
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia, Vermont. He was a Baptist who worked as the secretary of the State of Vermont and was succeeded by Homer Elihu Royce.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. He fought in the American Civil War, where Abraham Lincoln was a commander.
Albert B. White was born in Cleveland, United States. He was succeeded by William M.O. Dawson, who died in Charleston, West Virginia.
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina and was in office while Juan Peron was president. Peron belonged to the Labour Party in Argentina and Isaac Rojas was his successor.
Jens Härtel has been the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg. He plays for SV Babelsberg 03, 1. FC Union Berlin and FSV Zwickau.
Rolando Maran was born in Italy and is attached to the club F.C. Bari 1908. He also plays for Carrarese Calcio and manages AC Chievo Verona.
Italian born Michele Marcolini is the manager of AC Lumezzane. He also plays for Torino FC and A.C. Chievo Verona.
Antonis Milionis is the chairman of A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis which is in the league EPSTH 2nd GROUP. The club has 1500 members and their ground is located in the town of Efxenoupoli.
Stuart Parker is the manager of AFC Blackpool who have their ground in Blackpool where the leader is the Conservative Party (UK). He also plays for Stockport County FC.
Gordon Marsden is a leader in Blackpool where AFC Blackpool have their ground. The club is managed by Stuart Parker who played football for Stockport County FC.
Association Football Club Fylde (abbreviated to A.F.C.Fylde) has 3180 members, played in the 2014 season and its ground is located in Warton, Fenchurch, Lancashire.
Association Football Club Fylde (abbreviated to A.F.C.Fylde) has 3180 members, its ground is Bryning Lane and it played in the 2014 season.
Paulo Sousa has been manager of ACF Fiorentina and plays for Inter Milan, Juventus FC and Maccabi Tel Aviv FC.
AEK Athens F.C.'s ground is in Greece and they have 69618 members. They competed in the Superleague Greece in 2014.
AFC Ajax (amateurs)'s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst which is operated by AFC Ajax. The owner of the ground is AFC Ajax N.V. and the tenant is Jong Ajax.
The full name of AFC Ajax (amateurs) is Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax Amateurs. Their nickname is Joden, Godenzonen and they competed in the 2014 season. They have 5000 members.
John van den Brom manages the AZ Alkmaar and plays for both Vitesse Arnhem and AFC Ajax as well as the Netherlands national football team.
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is the Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Alagoas. They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in which Vila Nova Futebol Clube have been champions.
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is the Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Alagoas, Brazil. They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league.
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is the Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Arapiraca. They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil.
Akron Summit Assault's ground is St. Vincent-St. Mary High School in Akron, Summit County, Ohio, United States.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, the capital of which is Rome. Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella are leaders in Italy.
Peter Stoger is the manager of 1. FC Koln. He also plays for FC Admira Wacker Modling, SK Vorwarts Steyr and FK Austria Wien.
AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor, India was established in 2001. The Ganges is a river in India.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, India. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. Its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was given the 'Technical Campus' status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai. One of the sports offered at the Institute is tennis which is governed by the International Tennis Federation.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Alba County, Romania. The capital of Romania is Bucharest.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarus, Denmark is governed by a magistrate. The country's leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor, Kerala has 250 academic staff. Kerala's leader is Kochi.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania. Romania's capital is Bucharest, its anthem is Deșteaptă-te, române! and its ethnic group is the Germans of Romania.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Romania. Romania's capital is Bucharest and its leader is Klaus Iohannis.
Eric Flint was born in Burbank California and is the author of 1634: The Bavarian Crisis. The book was preceded by Grantville Gazette III and DeMarce short stories in the Grantville Gazettes.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint, Virginia DeMarce, et al. It has 512 pages, can be found as an E book and has the ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0.
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom where the AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins whose parent company is Wolters Kluwer.
A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by J.V. Jones and published in Hardcover. The OCLC number is 51969173 and the ISBN number is 0-7653-0633-6.
Qiu Xiaolong is the author of A Loyal Character Dancer which is available in hardcover. The OCLC number is 49805501 and the ISBN number is 1-56947-301-3.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the United States where Native Americans are an ethnic group. The book is written in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States. The country uses the English language and includes many Asian Americans.
A Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane and published in hardcover. It has 560 pages and the ISBN number is 978-0-15-204770-2.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica (abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar.) covers the academic discipline of Mathematics. It has the LCCN number 83646315 and the ISSN number 0236-5294.
The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica (abbrv. Acta palaeontol. Pol) comes under the academic discipline of paleobiology. It has an ISSN number of 0567-7920 and an LCCN number of 60040714.
The Polish Academy of Sciences is the publisher of Acta Palaeontologica Polonica (abbreviated to Acta palaeontol. Pol.), which has the ISSN number 1732-2421 and the LCCN number 60040714.
Cornell University in New York is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land-grant Universities and Association of American Universities. It is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly.
Cornell University in Ithaca, New York is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land-grant Universities and publishes Administrative Science Quarterly.
Aenir was written by Garth Nix and has 233 pages. It was published in paperback and has the ISBN number 0-439-17684-0.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from The United States where one of the ethnic groups is African American. The book is written in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain.
Johns Hopkins University is the parent company of Johns Hopkins University Press in the United States. They publish the American Journal of Mathematics which was first published in 1878.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from The United States, where there is an ethnic group called Asian Americans. The language of the United States and Great Britain is English.
A Wizard of Mars was published in English (language of Great Britain) in the United States where Barack Obama is the president.
A Wizard of Mars was published in English in the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
A Wizard of Mars was published in the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and English is spoken (as in Great Britain).
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where English is the language and Barack Obama is the leader. Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups there.
Margrethe II is the Queen of Denmark where the Faroese language is spoken. The country is the location of Aarhus airport in Tirstrup, part of the Central Denmark region.
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene in Texas and is located 546 metres above sea level. The airport's ICAO location identifier is KABI. The runway name is 17L/35R and it has a length of 2194.0.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located at Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas. It is operated by ENAIRE and is 610 metres above sea level. The runway name is 14L/32R and it has a length of 4100.0.
Agra Airport is located in India and operated by the Indian Air Force. It is elevated 167.94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1818.0. The airport's ICAO location identifier is VIAG.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in Iraq. The airbase has the ICAO location identifier ORAA, a runway name 08/26 and a runway length of 3990.0.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase which is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq. ORAA is the ICAO location identifier for the airbase. The runway name is 08/26 and it has a length of 3992.88.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who were involved in the bombing of Libya in 1986. They deploy the Lockheed AC-130 attack aircraft, the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III transport aircraft and the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon aircraft fighter.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who were involved in the Invasion of Grenada and Operation Enduring Freedom. They deploy the Lockheed C-130 Hercules as a transport aircraft and the Lockheed AC-130 on their aircraft carriers.
Alderney is served by Alderney airport which is 88 metres above sea level. The 1st runway is made of poaceae and has a length of 733.0. The runway name is 08/26.
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority governs the Allama Iqbal International Airport in Pakistan which serves the city of Lahore. The airport has a runway named 18L/36R with a length of 3310.0.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan and is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. The airport serves the city of Lahore and has a runway named 18R/36L with a length of 2900.0.
Alpena County Regional Airport serves the city of Alpena and is located at 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533.0. The airport is located in Maple Ridge Township, Alpea County, Michigan, United States.
Alpena County Regional Airport serves Alpena, Michigan and is located in Maple Ridge Township. The airport is 210 metres above sea level, has a runway length of 1533.0 and a runway named 7/25.
Alpena County Regional Airport serves the city of Alpena and is located 210 metres above sea level in Wilson Township, Alpenia County, Michigan. Its runway is named 1/19 and is 2744.0 in length.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located at 210 metres above sea level in Wilson Township, Alpena county, Michigan, United States. The airport serves the city of alpena and has a runway length of 1,533.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo and serves the city of Luanda. The airport is 159 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800.0. The runway name is 05L/23R.
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens in Greece. The country is led by Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis and uses the Greek language.
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens in Greece. Two of the leaders of which are Alexis Tsipras and Prokopis Pavlopoulos. The language spoken in Greece is Greek.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. It serves Atlantic City, N.J. where Don Guardian is the leader.
Atlantic City International Airport has the ICAO location identifier KACY and is located in Egg Harbor Township, Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States.
The Four World Trade Center is the headquarters of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey who operate Atlantic City International Airport. The airport is located at Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States.
Ram Naik is the leader of Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh. It is the location of Agra airport operated by the Indian Air Force who deploy the HAL Light Combat Helicopter.
Ram Naik is the leader of Uttar Pradesh which is part of Bundelkhand. It is the location of Agra airport operated by the Indian Air Force who deploy the HAL Light Combat Helicopter.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas and is operated by ENAIRE in Madrid, Spain. Madrid is part of the Community of Madrid.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the cities of Lake Placid and Saranac Lake, Harrietstown, New York, United States.
Aaron Turner was born in the United States and started performing in 1995. He is a Black metal musician and played for Old Man Gloom and the Lotus Eaters band.
Abradab was born in Katowice, Poland on November 12th, 1978. He played with the band Kaliber 44 and is associated with the rapper Magik.
Ace Wilder was born in Stockholm on July 23, 1982. He is a songwriter and a solo singer.
The musical genre of Ace Wilder is hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in disco and funk. Gangsta rap is a sub genre of Hip hop music and Drum and bass is a derivative of Hip Hop music.
Ace Wilder was born in Sweden and his musical genre is hip hop. Drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in funk and disco.
Born in Windsor, Connecticut, Al Anderson began his career in 1966. He plays rock music with the band NRBQ and was a member of The Wildweeds.
Al Anderson plays the guitar for the rock band NRBQ. Rock music originated from country music and is an element of the fusion genre Bhangra.
Pop solo singer Aleksandra Kovač was born 1972 in the Socialist Republic of Serbia. Disco is a fusion of pop.
Rhythm and blues singer Aleksandra Kovač began her career in 1990. She is part of the K2 (Kovač sisters duo) and is associated with Kornelije Kovac.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, England, UK in 1872 and died in London.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester and died in Sidcup, London. London is led by Boris Johnson and the European Parliament.
Alison O'Donnell started performing in 1963 and was a member of the Flibbertigibbet band and Mellow Candle. She was signed to Floating World Records and performed folk music of Ireland.
Alison O'Donnell is a jazz musician signed with Stanyan Records and Deram Records in London. Funk is a derivative of jazz.
Alison O'Donnell is a jazz musician who plays the autoharp. Jazz has its stylistic origins in folk music. Funk and Afrobeat are derivatives of Jazz.
Alison O'Donnell is a jazz musician who uses her voice, bodhran, percussion and autoharp. Jazz has its stylistic origins in the Blues. Funk and Afrobeat are derivatives of Jazz.
Allen Forrest was born in 1981 in Fort Campbell, Dothan, Alabama. He is an acoustic solo singer.
Rock musician Anders Osborne began his career in 1989 and is associated with artists Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars, Galactic and Billy Iuso.
Blues artist Anders Osborne began his career in 1989 and is associated with artists Tab Benoit, Galactic and Billy Iuso.
Solo dance pop singer Andra was born in Campia Turzii in 1986. She has also been a reality TV judge.
Trance musician Andrew Rayel is associated with artists: Armin Van Buuren, Bobina, Mark Sixma, Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano, Alexandre Bergheau, Jonny Rose, Sylvia Tosun, Lira Yin and Alexandra Badoi. Trance originates from pop.
Trance musician Andrew Rayel was born in Chisinau, Moldova. He began his career in 2009 and is associated with artists Jwaydan Moyine and Bobina.
Trance musician Andrew Rayel is associated with artists Jwaydan Moyine, John Digweed and Christian Burns. Rayel plays the string instrument.
Allen Forrest was born in Fort Campbell and his musical genre is hip hop. Hip hop music has its origins in disco and funk and drum and bass is a derivative of hip hop music.
Allen Forrest was born in 1981 and his musical genre is hip hop. Drum and bass is a derivative of Hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in disco and funk.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester and died in Sidcup, London. The Parliament of the United Kingdom is the leader of London and Manchester is led by the Labour Party.
Andrew White is an alternative rock musician signed to B-Unique Records and Polydor Records in London. Nu metal is a music fusion genre of alternative rock.
Andrew White is an alternative rock musician signed to London's Polydor Records. He was formerly signed to the now defunct Universal Records. Nu metal is a music fusion genre of alternative rock.
Al Anderson is a member of the band NRBQ which plays rock music. Rock music originated from blues music and country music, where the banjo is played. Bhangra music is part of the fusion genre, partly coming from Rock music.
Electric guitarist Aaron Turner played with the bands Twilight and Old Man Gloom. Twilight's musical genre is black metal, of which death metal is a musical fusion.
Alan Bean is a US national who was born in Wheeler, Texas. He was selected by NASA in 1963 where he performed as a test pilot. He is now retired.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and served as a crew member of NASA's Apollo 14. The United States Navy awarded him the Distinguished Service Medal, which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
American William Anders was born in British Hong Kong. He was a crew member of NASA's Apollo 8 along with commander Frank Borman.
American Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on January 20th, 1930. He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11.
American Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of NASA's Apollo 11.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and graduated from MIT in 1963 with a doctorate in Science. He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11. He is now retired.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and is now retired. He was a crew member of NASA's Apollo 11 along with William Anders as backup pilot.
Buzz Aldrin was born on January 20th, 1930. He was a member of NASA's Apollo 11 crew along with William Anders as backup pilot. He is now retired.
Alan Shepard was a crew member of NASA's Apollo 14. He died in California where Dianne Feinstein is a senator and Benitoite is a gemstone.
Alan Shepard was an American who was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy, which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
American William Anders was born in British Hong Kong. He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 8. He retired on September 1st, 1969.
Abel Hernández played youth football for Peñarol who are managed by Jorge Orosmán da Silva. He later played for Central Español who play in the Uruguayan Segunda División. Abel Hernandez now plays for US Citta di Palermo.
Aleksandre Guruli's club is FC Karpaty Lviv which is managed by Oleh Luzhny. He also plays for the Olympique Lyonnais club whose chairman is Jean-Michel Aulas and play their home games at the Parc Olympique.
Defender Alessio Romagnoli has played for AC Milan and U.C. Sampdoria. Siniša Mihajlović is the manager of AC Milan who play in Serie A.
Abel Hernández played youth football for Central Español who play in the Uruguayan Segunda División league. He later played for the Uruguay national football team and U.S. Città di Palermo who are managed by Giuseppe Iachini.
Aleksandr Prudnikov played for FC Spartak Moscow whose chairman is Sergey Rodionov and whose home ground is the Otkrytiye Arena. He now plays for FC Amkar Perm who are managed by Gadzhi Gadhzhiyev.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Terek Grozny, the ground of which, is located in Grozhny. The club is managed by Rashid Rakhimov and is also the former club of FC Spartak Moscow, chaired by Sergey Rodionov.
Aleksandr Chumakov, who was born in the Soviet Union, played for FC Torpedo Moscow in the 2014-15 Russian Premier League. The club is managed by Valery Petrakov. Aleksandr is also a member of the US national football team.
Akeem Adams played for United Petrotrin F.C. whose home ground is the Palo Seco Velodrome. He now plays for Ferencvarosi TC which is chaired by Gabor Kubatov and managed by Thomas Doll.
200 Public Square in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States was completed in 1985.
Construction of 250 Delaware Avenue in Buffalo, New York began in January 2014. The building has 12 floors with a total floor area of 30843.8 square metres and has the Postmodern style of architecture.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, Illinois, United States. The capital of Illinois is Springfield and Rahm Emanuel is a leader in Chicago.
Margrethe II is the Queen of Denmark where the Faroese language is spoken. The country is the location of the AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen. The current tenant of the hotel is Marriott International which was founded in Washington DC.
Bill Marriott is the key person at Marriott International which was founded in Washington DC. The company is the current tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen, Denmark where one of the languages spoken is Greenlandic.
The leader of Denmark is Lars Lokke Rasmussen where the Greenlandic language is spoken. The country is the location of the AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen which is tenanted by Marriott International which was founded in Washington DC.
The architect Augustus Pugin was born in Bloomsbury and designed the significant building of the Palace of Westminster. He also designed Adare Manor in the Republic of Ireland where the leader is Enda Kenny.
Construction of Addis Ababa City Hall began in 1961 and was completed in 1964. The building is 42 metres high and has a floor area of 140000.0 square metres. The current tenants are the Government of Addi Ababa.
The Akita Museum of Art is located at 1-4-2 Nakadori, Akita Prefecture, Japan. It has 3 floors.
The Chinese are an ethnic group in Japan which is led by Taro Aso. The country is the location of the Akita Museum of Art in Akita, Akita Prefecture.
The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B. Miller Hall in Virginia, United States. The Hall was designed by Robert A.M. Stern and is owned by the College of William and Mary.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. Gujarat's leader is known as the Gujarat Legislative Assembly. Sumitra Mahajan is a leader in India.
Ampara Hospital is located in Ampara District, Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. Austin Fernando is the leader of the Eastern Province. The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe.
Ampara Hospital is in Eastern Province, Sri Lanka, where the governing body is the Eastern Provincial Council. Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital of Sri Lanka and the leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe.
Julia Morgan, born in San Francisco, designed the grounds of Asilomar Conference, the Los Angeles Herald Examiner building, Hearst Castle, and the significant building known as Asilmar State Beach.
San Francisco born architect Julia Morgan designed the grounds of Asilomar Conference as well as the significant buildings of the Riverside Art Museum, Hearst Castle and Asilmar State Beach.
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City (part of New Netherland) in the United States. Cyrus Vance Jr. is one of the leaders of Manhattan.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin, who was born in Birmingham (postcode area 'B'), where Labour politician John Clancy is a leader and Birmingham City Council is the governing body.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, the capital of which is Washington D.C. John Roberts is a leader in the U.S. where Barack Obama is the president.
The epoch of (19255) 1994 VK8 is on 31 December 2006 and it has a mass of 5.6 kgs. It has an orbital period of.0, a periapsis of, and its apoapsis is.0 kilometres.
101 Helena was discovered by James Craig Watson who originated from Canada and studied at the University of Michigan. He died of peritonitis in Madison, Wisconsin.
1036 Ganymed was discovered by Walter Baade, who was born in the German Empire and died in Göttingen. His alma mater was the University of Gottingen and one of his doctoral students was Allan Sandage.
Walter Baade, a German national, was born in the German Empire and discovered 1036 Ganymed. He studied at the University of Gottingen and had Allan Sandage as a doctoral student.
James Craig Watson, a Canadian national, discovered 103 Hera on 7 September 1868. His alma mater was the University of Michigan and he died in Madison, Wisconsin.
James Craig Watson was a Canadian national who studied at the University of Michigan and died in Madison, Wisconsin. He discovered 103 Hera which has a periapsis of.0 kilometres.
B. Zellner discovered 107 Camilla, which has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 and an orbital period of 2368.05 days. The apoapsis measures.0 kilometres and the periapsis.0 (kilometres).
Discovered by C. Woods, 107 Camilla has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 and an orbital period of 2368.05 days. Its periapsis is.0 kilometres and the apoapsis measures.0 (kilometres).
Englishman N.R. Pogson was born in Nottingham and died in Chennai. He discovered 107 Camilla which has an absolute magnitude of 7.08.
1101 Clematis has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 and a mass of 5.7 kgs. It has an escape velocity of 0.02 km per sec, an orbital period of.0, and an apoapsis of kilometres.
11264 Claudiomaccone has an epoch date of November 26th 2005 and a temperature of 173.0 kelvins. It has an orbital period of 1513.722 days, a periapsis of.0 kilometres, and an apoapsis measurement of kilometres.
Albany is part of the state of Georgia in the United States. The country where Americans live and where Asian Americans are an ethnic group. The president is the leader of the U.S.
Alpharetta is part of Fulton County, Georgia in the United States. Atlanta is the largest city in Fulton County. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington, D.C. and English is its official language.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas in the U.S. Austin is the capital of Texas where English is spoken.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas in the U.S. Austin is the capital of Texas where English is spoken.
Anderson is part of Fall Creek Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States. It has a total area of 107.43 square kilometres and a population density of 523.9 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Led by the 11th State Assembly District, Antioch, is part of Contra Costa County, in the San Francisco Bay area, in English speaking, California.
Atlanta is part of DeKalb County in Georgia and uses the 404 area code. It covers 344.9 square kilometres (total area 347.1) and has a population density of 1299 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Attica is part of Logan Township, Fountain County, Indiana in the United States. It is 166 above sea level, has a total area of 4.14 sq km and a population density of 783.1 inhabitants per sq km.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama, in the United States, where Washington, D.C. is the capital, and where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Auburn is part of Pierce County and King County in Washington, United States. It has a total area of 77.41 sq km and a population density of 914.8 inhabitants per sq km.
Round Rock is the largest city in Williamson County, Texas, where Austin is located. Georgetown is the county seat of Williamson County. English is spoken in Texas.
Houston is the largest city in English speaking Texas, where Austin is located. Austin is part of Hays County, the county seat of which, is San Marcos.
Spanish is spoken in Texas where the largest city is Houston. Austin is part of Hays County in Texas whose county seat is San Marcos.
Alexandria is part of Madison County, Indiana in the United States. The capital of Indiana is Indianapolis and the language spoken there is American English.
Arlington is part of Tarrant County, Texas, where the county seat is Fort Worth. Spanish is spoken in Texas and the largest city is Houston.
Arlington is part of Tarrant County, Texas in the U.S. Fort Worth is the largest city in that county. Austin is the capital of Texas.
Atlantic City is part of New Jersey in the United States. The country's capital is Washington, D.C. and its largest city is New York City. White Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.
Albany is a city in Linn County, Oregon, in the United States, where the capital is Washington, D.C. Americans live in the U.S. and Native Americans are an ethnic group.
Albany, Oregon is in the United States, where the capital is Washington, D.C. Americans live in the U.S. and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Angola, Indiana is part of Steuben County, Indiana in the United States. The English speaking United States is home to African Americans and Americans.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama, in the United States, where Washington, D.C. is the capital, and where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama in the U.S. Opelika is the county seat in Lee County. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States. The country is the location of Atlantic City, part of New Jersey where Trenton is the capital and Newark is the largest city.
Albuquerque, New Mexico, is in the United States, where English is spoken, and where the leader is President Barack Obama.
Angola, Indiana is part of Steuben County, Indiana in the United States. The English speaking U.S. is home to Americans and Asian Americans.
Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States which is led by Barack Obama and has the capital city of Washington DC. The country is the location of Akron, part of Summit County in Ohio.
Albany, Georgia is in the United States, where Americans live and where African Americans are an ethnic group. The country is led by the President.
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 which stars Alan Tudyk. He was created by Steven T Seagle and the American, Duncan Rouleau.
Arem-arem is a food found nationwide in Indonesia, but is more specific to Java. Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia, where Indonesian is spoken and the currency is the Indonesian rupiah.
Asam pedas is a food found in the region of Sumatra and Malay peninsula in Malaysia. The capital of Malaysia is Kuala Lumpur and the Malaysian Malay and Malaysian Chinese are ethnic groups in the country.
Asam pedas is a food found in the region of Sumatra and the Malay Peninsula in Malaysia. The capital of Malaysia is Kuala Lumpur and Malaysian Indian is one of the ethnic groups there.
Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra. It can also be found in Malaysia, where the capital is Kuala Lumpur and the Malaysian Malay and Malaysian Indian are ethnic groups.
Asam pedas is a food found in the Malay Peninsula of Malaysia. The leader of Malaysia is Abu Zahar Ujang and Malaysian Indian and Malay are ethnic groups in the country.
Bacon Explosion comes from the Kansas City metropolitan area in the United States. Its main ingredients are bacon and sausage.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Paul Ryan is a leader and English is spoken. The capital city is Washington D.C. and White Americans are an ethnic group.
Bacon sandwiches are popular in the UK and are a variation of the BLT. The main ingredients are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment. The sandwich can also be known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, Bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin.
Baked Alaska is from the country of France, where French is spoken and Manuel Valls and Gérard Larcher are leaders. Baked Alaska can also be found in Hong Kong.
Bandeja paisa is a dish from the Antioquia Department region of Colombia. One of its ingredients is lemon which is a member of the Rosids order of the rutaceae family.
François Hollande and Gerard Larcher are leaders in France where the French language is spoken. Barny cakes, made with sponge cake, can be found in France.
Batagor, Shumai and Siomay are variations of the same dish. Joko Widodo is the leader of Indonesia where peanut sauce is an ingredient.
Batagor, Siomay and Shumai are variations of the same dish. Joko Widodo is the leader of Indonesia, where Sioma is made with peanut sauce.
Tony Tan and Halimah Yacob are leaders in Singapore where Standard Chinese is spoken. Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapore and Indonesia.
Bhajji originates from the Karnataka region of India. Vajubhai Vala is the leader of Karnataka. Sumitra Mahajan is a leader in India where the currency is the rupee.
Binignit is a dessert dish from Mindanao, Philippines. It contains sweet potato and banana.
Binignit is a dessert from the Visayas region of the Philippines. It includes sweet potato and sago.
Bionico is a dessert dish from the Jalisco region of Mexico. The main ingredients are chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins.
Bionico is a dessert that can be varied by using cottage cheese. It is found in Mexico where the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo and the language spoken is Spanish.
Bionico is a dessert found in Mexico where the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo and the language spoken is Mexican Spanish. Another dessert is a cake.
Patrick McLoughlin is a leader in the Derbyshire Dales area of the county, where the Bakewell tart (variant of Bakewell pudding) is popular. It includes fruit preserves.
Sergio Mattarella and Laura Boldrini are leaders in Italy, where Rome is the capital and where Italians live. Amatriciana sauce is a traditional Italian sauce.
Sergio Mattarella and Pietro Grasso are leaders in Italy, where Italian is spoken and Rome is the capital. Amatriciana sauce is a traditional Italian sauce.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore, where Tony Tan is the leader and Standard Chinese is spoken. It can also be found in Java, where the Baduy are an ethnic group.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Java, where the Javanese people are an ethnic group. The dish originates from Singapore, where English is spoken and the leader is Tony Tan.
Bionico is a dessert found in Guadalajara, Mexico. The leader of Mexico is Silvano Aureoles Conejo. Another dessert is a cake.
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines, where Philippine English is the official language and Arabic is also spoken. Ethnic groups from the Philippines include the Zamboangans and the Chinese Filipino.
Ajoblanco originates from the Andalusia region of Spain where Susana Diaz is the leader. The language of the country is Spanish and the main ethnic group are the Spaniards.
Carnival Corporation & plc is the parent company of Costa Crociere who own the AIDAstella which was built by Meyer Werft and operated by AIDA Cruises who are located in Germany.
The ALCO RS-3 was produced between May 1950 and August 1956 by the American Locomotive Company. It has 12 cylinders, a four-stroke engine and is 17068.8 millimetres in length.
ALV X-1 hails from the US, where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups. The people of the United States are called Americans and the capital city is Washington D.C. The national anthem is the Star Spangled Banner.
The Alhambra, built by the Samuda Brothers, has an 8.3m ship beam and is powered by a Humphrys, Tennant and Dykes engine. It is owned by the London based P&O company.
The AMC Matador is manufactured by American Motors which was succeeded by Eagle. Roy D. Chapin Jr. is a key person at American Motors and the Wheel Horse is a subsidiary. American Motors was acquired by Chrysler.
The American sub NR-1 was launched on January 25th 1969 and has a top speed of 8.334 km/h. It is 45000.0 millimetres long, has a ship beam of 3.8m and a draft of 4.6m.
The launch site of the Antares rocket was the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0, which is associated with the Minotaur IV rocket. The Antares is comparable to the Delta II, which originates from the United States.
The Antares rocket is manufactured at the Yuzhnoye Design Office and has a diameter of 3.9 metres. It was launched at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0, making its maiden flight on 28 October 2014 and its final flight on 13 July 2014.
Arianespace is located in Courcouronnes and operates the ELA-3. The launch site of the Ariane 5 was at the Guiana Space Centre which has its HQ in French Guiana.
The Aston Martin DBS, succeeded by the Aston Martin Vantage, is related to the 5.3 litre engined, Aston Martin manufactured, V8, assembled at Newport Pagnell.
The Aston Martin V8 is assembled at Newport Pagnell and has a 5.3 litre engine volume. It is a coupe and is related to the Aston Martin DBS and Aston Martin RHAM/1.
The Aston Martin V8, related to the Aston Martin DBS, was assembled in the United Kingdom, where Elizabeth II is the leader. The Aston Martin Virage, made by Aston Martin, succeeded the V8.
The Audi A1 is manufactured by Audi which was founded by August Horch. Ducati and Lamborghini are subsidiaries of Audi and Audi e-tron is a division of Audi.
AIDAluna, owned by AIDA Cruises, has a Caterpillar Inc. engine. Caterpillar, Inc. was founded in California, U.S. and is located in Peoria, Illinois.
Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person at Caterpillar Inc. which was founded in the United States. The company powers the AIDAluna which is owned by AIDA Cruises located in Rostock.
Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person at Caterpillar Inc. which was founded in the United States and located in Peoria, Illinois. The company powers the AIDAluna which is owned by AIDA Cruises.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built at the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard in Finland. The leader of Finland is Juha Sipila and the people are known as Finns. Sami languages are spoken there.
Neptun Werft, who built the A-Rosa Luna, is located in Rostock, Germany. Andreas Voßkuhle is a leader in Germany, where Berlin is the capital.
Atlas II originates from the United States, where English is spoken and the capital city is Washington D.C. Americans live in the U.S. and Native Americans are an ethnic group.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located at Seminary Ridge, Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, United States. It was established in 2000 and falls under the category of Contributing property.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania and falls under the category of Contributing property. To the north of Adams County lies Cumberland County and to the southeast lies Carroll County, both of Maryland. Frederick County, Maryland is to the southwest.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It is located in Azerbaijan, where the capital is Baku and the leader is Prime Minister Artur Rasizade.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It is located in Azerbaijan, where the leader is Artur Rasizade and the legislature is the National Assembly. Baku is the capital of Azerbaijan.
The Atatürk Monument (İzmir) is located in Turkey, where the capital is Ankara and the largest city is Istanbul. The leader of Turkey is President Ahmet Davutoglu.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri, Malaysia on 1936-05-21. He resides in Kuching and is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. He represented the Asajaya region.
Abdulsalami Abubakar, who ended his career on 1999-05-29, was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President. Mike Akigbe was a member of the Nigerian Navy and succeeded Oladipo Diya before being succeeded by Atiku Abubaker.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in Connecticut and was a national of the United States. He was a member of the Democratic Party in the U.S. and served as the Governor of Connecticut. He died in the US.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was a national of the United States, where Native Americans are an ethnic group. He was born in Connecticut and died in New York. His wife was Casey.
Born in Faversham Kent, England, Adam Holloway began his career on 5th May 2005. He served in the Grenadier Guards and is a member of the Tories. His alma mater is Magdalene College in Cambridge.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece and was succeeded by Makis Voridis. He was in office while Antonis Samaras and Konstantinos Mitsotakis were Prime Ministers.
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands where the leader is Mark Rutte. She is a member of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands and worked at the House of Representatives which is led by Khadija Arib.
Agnes Ward White was born in Marietta, Ohio and was married to Albert B White. Albert B. White was succeeded by William M.O. Dawson. Bloomington, Maryland was the birthplace of William M O Dawson, who died in Charleston, West Virginia.
Albert B. White was born in Cleveland and was married to Agnes Ward White. He was Governor of West Virginia and finished his career on March 4th 1905 when he was succeeded by William M.O. Dawson.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island, New York City. He died in Dona Ana County, New Mexico, United States on 1896-02-01.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island, New York City. He died in Dona Ana County, New Mexico Territory on 1896-02-01.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria-Hungary and died in Graz, Styria. He was a member of the Austrian People's Party.
Alfons Gorbach was born in the state of Tyrol in Austria. He was a politician from the Austrian People's Party and died in Graz in Styria.
Alvah Sabin was from Vermont where the largest city is Burlington. He started his career on 1853-03-04 and represented Vermont's 3rd Congressional District. He ended his career 03/03/1857.
Alvah Sabin was from Vermont, where the largest city is Burlington. He represented Vermont's 3rd Congressional District and worked as the Secretary of State of Vermont. He ended his career on 3rd March 1857.
Alfred Moore Scales came from the United States, where one of the ethnic groups is Native Americans. He fought in the Battle of Gettysburg, part of the American Civil War conflict, during which, Jefferson Davis was a commander.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria-Hungary and died in Styria. The language spoken in Austria is Austrian German and the leader is Doris Bures.
Alberto Teisaire is a national of Argentina, where the Spanish language is spoken. Alberto was in office while Juan Peron was President. Juan Perón was a member of the Labour Party in Argentina and was married to Eva Peron.
Michele Marcolini has been manager of AC Lumezzane who have their ground in Italy where Pietro Grasso is the leader. He has also played for Vicenza Calcio and FC Bari 1908.
Stuart Parker has been the manager of AFC Blackpool who have their ground in Blackpool where the leader is the Labour Party (UK). He has also played for Chesterfield FC and Stockport County FC.
Sergio Mattarella is the leader of Italy where the Italian language is spoken. A.S. Gubbio 1910's ground is located in Italy and they play in the Serie D league where the champions are SS Robur Siena.
The Olympic Stadium (Athens) is located in Marousi and is the home ground of AEK Athens FC. The club's manager is Gus Poyet who has played for Chelsea FC and Real Zaragoza.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where Italians live. The capital of Italy is Rome, the language spoken is Italian and the leader is Pietro Grasso.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where Sergio Mattarella is a leader. The capital of Italy is Rome and the official language is Italian. The people of Italy are called Italians.
Established in 2001, the AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor, Kerala has 250 academic staff. Kerala has Mahe, India to its northwest.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090. It has 700 postgraduate students and its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. Its president is B.M. Reddy and it has 700 postgraduate students.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association headquartered in Brussels. Denmark is led by the Monarchy of Denmark and its current leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor, India was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff. The largest city in India is Mumbai.
AWH Engineering College is located in Kerala, India. Kerala's leader is Kochi. The largest city in India is Mumbai and one of the country's rivers is the Ganges.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarus, Denmark was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff. Denmark's leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarus is affiliated with the European University Association in Brussels. Aarus has a magistrate government and has Mols to its northeast.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis was written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint. It was preceded by The Grantville Gazette II and followed by Ring of Fire II which is written in English.
Affiliated with the Association of Public and Land-grant Universities, Cornell University is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly. The university is located in Ithaca, New York and its president is Elizabeth Garrett. It is also affiliated with Association of American Universities.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States, where English is spoken (as in Great Britain). African Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States. The language of the US is English, which is also spoken in Great Britain. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the US.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States. The language of the US is English, which is also spoken in Great Britain. The US includes many Asian Americans.
A Severed Wasp originates from the United States, where English is spoken (as in Great Britain). The capital of the US is Washington D.C. and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
The novel Into Battle was written by Australians and was followed by The Violet Keystone. It was preceded by Aenir (preceded by Castle) and Above the Veil.
A Severed Wasp was written in English (language of Great Britain) and originates from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and there is an ethnic group called Asian Americans.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States, where English is spoken (as in Great Britain). Barack Obama is the president of the US, where there is an ethnic group called Asian Americans.
1634: The Ram Rebellion (preceded by 1634 The Galileo Affair) comes from the United States, where Barack Obama is the leader and the capital city is Washington D.C. Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the U.S.
1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and the capital city is Washington D.C. Americans live in the U.S. where African Americans are an ethnic group.
A Wizard of Mars was published in the United States, where English is spoken (as in Great Britain). The leader of the US is called the President, and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
American Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas on March 15th, 1932. He was a test pilot and spent 100305 minutes in space. He is now retired.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 14 and was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy, which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
Alan Bean (born Alan LaVern Bean) was a crew member of NASA's Apollo 12, where Alfred Worden was the backup pilot and David Scott was the commander. Bean retired in June 1981.
American Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963 and was selected by NASA the same year. He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on January 20th, 1930. He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 with a doctorate in Science. He was a crew member of NASA's Apollo 11 along with William Anders as backup pilot.
Buzz Aldrin was an American born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He was a fighter pilot and a member of NASA's Apollo 11 crew along with William Anders as backup pilot.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on January 20th, 1930. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963 and was selected by NASA the same year. He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11.
Alan Shepard was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy, which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal. He died in California, where Dianne Feinstein is a senator and one of the fossils is the Smilodon. Benitoite is a gemstone found in California.
American William Anders was born in British Hong Kong. He graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M.S. He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 8. He retired on September 1st, 1969.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and retired on September 1st, 1969. He was a crew member of NASA's Apollo 8 along with backup pilot Buzz Aldrin and Frank Borman.
William Anders received an M.S. from his alma Mater, AFIT in 1962. He was a crew member of NASA's Apollo 8 along with Buzz Aldrin as backup pilot and Frank Borman as crew member. William Anders is now retired.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located at Seminary Ridge, Adams County, Pennsylvania, United States. It was established in 2000 and falls under the category of Contributing property.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is categorised as a contributing property and is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. To the west of Adams County lies Franklin County and to the north is Cumberland County. Carroll County in Maryland lies to the southeast and Frederick County to the southwest.
Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner designed the red granite and white marble Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial in Azerbaijan. The memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. The capital of the country is Baku and the leader is Artur Rasizade.
Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner designed the red granite and white marble Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial in Azerbaijan which is led by Artur Rasizade. The memorial is dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army killed in the Battle of Baku and is known locally as Turk Sehitleri Aniti.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the district of the Monocacy National Battlefield in Frederick County, Maryland. It was established on 11 July 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the United States.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Ticino, Mendriso, Switzerland. It was established in 1996 and its dean is Mario Botta. It has 100 academic staff.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, Karnataka, India. It has 700 postgraduate students and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The Acharya Institute of Technology's campus is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, India. It was established in 2000 and its president is B.M. Reddy. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association headquartered in Brussels. Denmark is led by the Monarchy of Denmark and its current leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen. Denmark's religion is the Church of Denmark.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarus, Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association headquartered in Brussels. Its dean is Thomas Pallesen. Denmark's leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
AWH Engineering College in Kerala, India was established in 2001. Kerala's leader is Kochi. The largest city in India is Mumbai and one of the country's rivers is the Ganges.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania. Romania's capital is Bucharest, its leader is Klaus Iohannis and its national anthem is Deșteaptă-te, române!. Its patron saint is Andrew the Apostle and its ethnic group is the Germans of Romania.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarus, Denmark was established in 1928. It has 737 academic staff and 16,000 students. Denmark's leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
Alan Bean is a US national who was born in Wheeler, Texas on March 15th 1932. He graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B.S. He was a test pilot and a crew member of Apollo 12. He is now retired.
Alan Shepard was born on Nov 18, 1923 in New Hampshire. He graduated from NWC with an M.A. in 1957. He was selected by NASA in 1959 and served as a test pilot. He died in California.
Alan Bean was an American born in Wheeler, Texas. He was a test pilot and a crew member of NASA's Apollo 12. David Scott was the commander of Apollo 12 and Alfred Worden was the backup pilot.
Edwin E. Aldrin Jr. otherwise known as Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on January 20th, 1930. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963 and was selected by NASA the same year. He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11.
American Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on January 20th, 1930. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11. He spent 52 minutes in space.
American Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on January 20th, 1930. He graduated from MIT in 1963 with a doctorate in Science. He was a crew member of Apollo 11 and has received 20 awards. He is now retired.
American Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on January 20th, 1930. He was selected by NASA in 1963 and served as a crew member on Apollo 11, which was operated by NASA. He is now retired.
Buzz Aldrin is a US national who was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from MIT in 1963 with a doctorate in Science. He was a crew member of NASA's Apollo 11 along with William Anders as backup pilot. He is now retired.
William Anders is a US national who was born in British Hong Kong on October 17th, 1933. He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 8. He retired on September 1st, 1969.
American William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and retired on September 1st, 1969. He was a member of NASA's Apollo 8 crew along with Frank Borman and Buzz Aldrin as backup pilot.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on October 17th, 1933. He was selected by NASA in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot on Apollo 8. He spent 8820 minutes in space and retired on September 1st, 1969.
Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey, where the currency is the Turkish lira and the capital city is Ankara. The largest city in Turkey is Istanbul, but it is in Izmir that the bronze Ataturk monument is located and was inaugurated on 27 July 1932.
President Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey where the capital city is Ankara. The country is the location of the bronze Ataturk monument designed by Pietro Canonica and inaugurated on 27 July 1932 in Izmir.
President Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey, where the currency is the Turkish lira and the capital city is Ankara. The largest city in Turkey is Istanbul, but it is in Izmir that the Ataturk monument is located and was inaugurated on 27 July 1932.
Mario Botta is Dean of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio which was established in 1996 in the city of Mendriso, Switzerland. There are 600 students and 100 academic staff. The country's leader is the Federal Chancellor.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, Karnataka, India was established in 2000. Its president is B.M. Reddy and its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar. Its motto is "Nurturing Excellence".
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Karnataka, southwest of Telangana, was given the 'Technical Campus' status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai. The Institute offers Tennis, governed by the International Tennis Federation, as a sport. Karnataka has the Arabian Sea to its west.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Romania. Romania's capital is Bucharest, its leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis and its anthem is Deșteaptă-te, române! Ethnically the country has Germanic population.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarus, Denmark was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the European University Association. Its dean is Thomas Pallesen and it has 737 academic staff. Denmark's leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarus, Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussels. Denmark has a monarchy and its leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen. Aarus has a magistrate government.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarus, Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association. It was established in 1928 and has 16,000 students. Its dean is Thomas Pallesen and its Latin name is "Universitas Aarusiensis".
