Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene, Texas.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas.
The runway name of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is 18L/36R.
The ICAO Location Identifier of Afonso Pena International Airport is SBCT.
Afonso Pena International Airport serves the city of Curitiba.
Al Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah.
The runway length of Al Taqaddum Air Base is 3684.0.
14/32 is the runway name of Alderney Airport.
The runway length of Allama Iqbal International Airport is 3360.12.
Amsterdam Schiphol Airport's 1st runway has the number 18.
The 5th runway at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is made of asphalt.
The runway name of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 06/24 Kaagbaan.
Andrews County Airport is 973 metres above sea level.
Andrews County Airport is owned by Andrews County, Texas.
Andrews County Airport has a runway length of 896.0.
The 1st runway at Angola International Airport is made of asphalt.
Antwerp International Airport is 12.0 metres above sea level.
Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish Government.
The runway length of Appleton International Airport is 2439.0.
The runway length of Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is 518.0.
Ashgabat International Airport's ICAO Location Identifier is UTAA.
11/29 is the runway name of Ashgabat International Airport.
Atlantic City International Airport is owned by the South Jersey Transportation Authority.
13/31 is the runway name of Atlantic City International Airport.
The Dutch language is spoken in Belgium.
Curitiba is part of the South Region, Brazil.
The people of Denmark are known as Danes.
Fallujah is in Iraq.
Greenville, Wisconsin is in the United States.
Greenville, Wisconsin is part of Grand Chute, Wisconsin.
Arabic is spoken in Iraq.
Madrid is in Spain.
Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan is part of the United States.
Sardar Ayaz Sadiq is the leader of Pakistan.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey serves New Jersey.
Houston is the largest city in Texas.
The United States Air Force bombed Libya in 1986.
Boeing C-17 Globemaster III is a transport aircraft in the United States Air Force.
Aaron Deer's record label is Kill Rock Stars.
Aaron Turner performs progressive metal music.
Abradab was born on the 12th of November 1978.
Abradab was born in Poland.
Abradab performs hip hop music.
Agustin Barboza performs Guarania music.
Ahmet Ertegun was born in Istanbul, Turkey.
Alan Frew's genre is rock music.
Albennie Jones is associated with Sammy Price.
Aleksandra Kova was born in Yugoslavia.
Aleksandra Kova's genre is rhythm and blues.
Alex Day's genre is Synthpop.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is associated with the musical artist Hector Numa Moraes.
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Montevideo.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Uruguay.
Alfredo Zitarrosa's record label is RCA Records.
Alison O'Donnell performs jazz music.
Alison O'Donnell plays the voice, bodhran, percussion and autoharp.
Allen Forrest was born on February 4th 1981.
Alligator Records is located in Chicago.
Anders Osborne is associated with Johnny Sansone.
Anders Osborne performs rhythm and blues music.
Andra is a rhythm and blues singer.
Andrew Rayel started performing in 2009.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Christian Burns.
Andrew White is a musician associated with Marry Banilow.
Andrew White is a musician signed to the record label B-Unique Records.
Christian Burns plays the guitar.
Hip hop music has its stylistic origins in Funk.
Indie rock has its stylistic origins in new wave music.
Manchester is part of Greater Manchester.
Polydor Records is located in London.
Sony Music Entertainment is the distributing company for RCA Records.
Rock and roll originated from blues music.
Synthpop originated from pop music.
Alan Bean is from the United States.
Buzz Aldrin was the backup pilot of Apollo 8.
Buzz Aldrin graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 with a Sc.D.
Buzz Aldrin was a crew member of Apollo 11.
Buzz Aldrin was selected by NASA in 1963.
Benitoite is a gemstone found in California.
Elliot See died on February 28, 1966.
Elliot See died in St. Louis.
Elliot See is deceased.
Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen.
The footballer Abner was born in Brazil.
Adam Maher was born in the Netherlands.
Adam Maher plays for the Netherlands national under-17 football team.
Adam Maher plays for PSV Eindhoven.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for the Iraq national football team.
Akeem Adams was born in Point Fortin.
Akeem Dent's former team is the Atlanta Falcons.
Akeem Priestley plays for the Connecticut Huskies.
Basim Qasim is the manager of Al-Zawra'a SC.
Al Kharaitiyat SC is in the Qatar Stars League.
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for Sanat Mes Kerman F.C.
Alan Martin played football for Hamilton Academical FC.
Alan Martin played for the Scotland national under-19 football team.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. was born on 1995-09-02.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. is 1.905m tall.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 24 February 1989.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Amkar Perm.
Aleksandre Guruli was born in Batumi.
Aleksandre Guruli played for the Georgia national under-21 football team.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.S. Roma.
Alessio Romagnoli's youth club was A.S. Roma.
Alex Tyus plays in the Turkish Basketball Super League.
Atlanta Falcons are based in Atlanta.
Don Sweeney is the general manager of the Boston Bruins.
The English language is spoken in Canada.
The Slavey language is spoken in Canada.
Oleh Luzhny is the manager of FC Karpaty Lviv.
The chairman of Ferencvárosi TC is Gabor Kubatov.
The Finnish language is spoken in Finland.
Daniele Zoratto is the coach of the Italy national under 16 football team.
Zvi Sherf is the coach of Maccabi Ashdod B.C.
Motherwell F.C.'s ground is Fir Park.
Olympique Lyonnais is owned by Jean-Michel Aulas.
The St Louis Rams are based in the city of St Louis.
The Tennessee Titans are based in Nashville, Tennessee.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa.
250 Delaware Avenue has the architectural style of Postmodern architecture.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago.
George Winkler was the architect of 320 South Boston Building.
The building of 320 South Boston Building began in 1910.
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen has 814 rooms.
James Pain and George Richard Pain were the architects of Adare Manor.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Japan.
The College of William and Mary is the owner of Alan B. Miller Hall.
The address of Amdavad ni Gufa is Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, near CEPT University, opp. Gujarat University, University Road.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House has the reference number 88002539 in the National Register of Historic Places.
The architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds was Julia Morgan.
The architecture of Asilomar Conference Grounds is "Arts and Crafts Movement and American craftsman Bungalows".
Asilomar Conference Grounds was constructed in 1913.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City.
Buffalo is part of Erie County, New York.
Byron Brown is the leader of Buffalo, New York.
County Limerick is part of Munster.
Crona N Dhálaigh is the leader of Dublin.
Mulatu Teshome is the leader of Ethiopia.
The people of India are called Indians.
Julia Morgan is the architect of a significant building in the Los Angeles Herald Examiner.
Live Nation Entertainment is located in Beverly Hills, California.
Manhattan is part of New York.
New York City is part of New Netherland.
Pacific Grove is part of California.
White South Africans are an ethnic group in South Africa.
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom.
(19255) 1994 VK8 has a density of 2.0 grams per cubic centimetres.
(410777) 2009 FD has an absolute magnitude of 22.1.
(66063) 1998 RO1 has an apoapsis of.60815 kilometres.
1000 Piazzia has an escape velocity of 0.0252 kilometres per second.
The former name of 1001 Gaussia is 1923 OAA907 XC.
1001 Gaussia has a maximum temperature of 165 kelvins.
101 Helena has an apoapsis of.0 kilometres.
101 Helena has the epoch 31 December 2006.
103 Hera has an absolute magnitude of 7.66.
103 Hera has a mass of 7.9 kilograms.
107 Camilla has an absolute magnitude of 7.08.
A Storrs discovered 107 Camilla.
The former name of 1089 Tama is A894 VA; A904 VD.
1089 Tama has an orbital period of 1202.846 days.
1097 Vicia has an average speed of 17.92 kilometres per second.
The epoch of 1097 Vicia is 31 December 2006.
109 Felicitas was discovered by Christian Heinrich Friedrich Peters.
The average speed of 10 Hygiea is 16.76 kilometres per second.
11264 Claudiomaccone has a temperature of 173.0 kelvins.
James Craig Watson attended the University of Michigan.
N.R. Pogson was born in Nottingham.
229 is the area code for Albany, Georgia.
Albany, Oregon is part of the United States.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is led by a Mayor.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is led by the New Mexico House of Representatives.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is led by the New Mexico Senate.
The total area of Amarillo, Texas is 233.9 square kilometres.
Amarillo is part of Randall County, Texas.
Anderson is part of Richland Township, Madison County, Indiana.
Angola, Indiana is 324 metres above sea level.
The area code for Antioch, California is 925.
Antioch is part of Contra Costa County in California.
Arlington, Texas has a population density of 1472.0 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Kasim Reed is a leader in Atlanta.
Atlantic City, New Jersey has a total area of 44.125 square kilometres.
Atlantic City is part of New Jersey.
Attica, Indiana is 166.0 above sea level.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama.
Auburn, Washington has a total area of 77.41 square kilometres.
Austin is part of Texas.
The Spanish language is spoken in California.
Dunwoody is the largest city in DeKalb County, Georgia.
Fulton County, Georgia is in the United States.
Anderson is the county seat of Madison County, Indiana.
Michigan is in the United States.
Detroit is the largest city in Michigan.
Orange County, California is in the United States.
Portland is the largest city in Oregon.
Fort Worth is the largest city in Tarrant County, Texas.
Barack Obama is the leader of the United States.
The United States House of Representatives is located in the United States Capitol.
Kevin Eastman is the creator of April O'Neil.
Bananaman was broadcast by the BBC.
Ben Urich's full name is Benjamin Urich.
Bibbo Bibbowski was created by Jerry Ordway.
Bo Bibbowski's full name is Bibbo Bibbowski.
Bill Oddie was born in Lancashire.
Jon Valor is also known as the Black Pirate.
John Buscema won the Eisner Award.
Karl Kesel is an American.
Marv Wolfman won the Kirby Award.
Peter Laird is from the United States.
Scott Adsit was born in Northbrook, Illinois.
Pecorino Romano is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce.
Chili pepper is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce.
White rice is an ingredient of Arros negre.
Arros negre is from the Catalonia region.
Arros negre is from the region of the Valencian Community.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore.
Tomato is an ingredient in a BLT.
Baked Alaska is a dish from Hong Kong.
Bakewell pudding can be served warm or cold.
Bandeja paisa is part of Colombian cuisine.
Chicharrón is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa.
Bandeja paisa is from the Paisa region.
Barny cakes are 30.0 g in size.
Shumai is a variation of Batagor.
The main ingredients of batagor are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce.
Shrimp is an ingredient in Batchoy.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Indonesia.
Bhajji is also known as Bhaji or bajji.
Taro is an ingredient of Binignit.
Bionico can be varied by using cottage cheese.
Bionico is found in the region of Jalisco.
Chicken belongs to the class of bird.
The currency of India is the Indian rupee.
Sumitra Mahajan is a leader in India.
Indonesian is the language spoken in Indonesia.
Aristóteles Sandoval is the leader of Jalisco.
The Banyumasan people are an ethnic group in Java.
Malaysian Malay is an ethnic group in Malaysia.
Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of Mexico.
Spanish is a language spoken in New York.
Shumai is a food found in China.
Peanut sauce is an ingredient of Siomay.
Malays are an ethnic group in Sumatra.
David Cameron is the leader of the United Kingdom.
The christening date of the A-Rosa Luna is 2005-04-07.
The operator of AIDAluna is AIDA Cruises.
The AIDAstella was completed on March 11th 2013.
The AIDAstella had its maiden voyage on March 17th 2013.
The AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruises.
The ALV X-1 was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport.
The AMC Matador is also known as the American Motors Matador.
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) was sold to the Netherlands on April 1st 1948.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe has a straight-four engine.
The Acura TLX has an AWD vehicle layout.
The Acura TLX is related to the Honda Accord.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Arese.
The Alfa Romeo 164 and Lancia Thema are related means of transport.
The Alfa Romeo 164 has a 4-speed automatic (ZF 4HP18QE) transmission.
The Alhambra was built by the Samuda Brothers.
The Alhambra is wrecked.
The Alvis Speed 25 has a straight-six engine.
The Alvis Speed 25 was introduced in 1937.
The American submarine NR-1 has a draft of 4.6m.
The launch site of the Antares rocket was the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0.
Gabriela Michetti is the leader of Argentina.
The launch site of the Ariane 5 was the Guiana Space Centre.
The Aston Martin V8 is a convertible.
The Aston Martin V8 is manufactured by Aston Martin.
The Aston Martin Virage is manufactured by Aston Martin.
The Atlas II was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base.
Audi was founded by August Horch.
The Audi A1 and the Seat Ibiza are related means of transport.
Costa Crociere is located in Genoa.
The DeSoto Custom is related to the Chrysler Newport.
The Alfa Romeo 164 and the Fiat Croma are related means of transport.
The people of Germany are called Germans.
The leader of Germany is Norbert Lammert.
Gruppo Bertone was founded by Giovanni Bertone.
The Honda K engine is manufactured by Honda.
The Star Spangled Banner is the national anthem of the United States.
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000.
Carroll County, Maryland is southeast of Adams County, Pennsylvania.
Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaijan.
The leader of Azerbaijan is the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan.
The native name of the Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is Turk Sehitleri Aniti.
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam, Netherlands.
Abdul Taib Mahmud is a member of the Parti Bumiputera Sarawak party.
Abdulsalami Abubakar ended his career on 1999-05-29.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Minna.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in the Niger State.
Abner W. Sibal ended his career on 3rd January 1965.
Abner W. Sibal died in Alexandria, Virginia.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent.
Adam Holloway lives in Gravesend.
Adolf Scharf was born in Mikulov.
Adonis Georgiadis was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister.
Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendorf.
Agnes Ward White was born in Marietta, Ohio.
Airey Neave began his career on 30th June 1953.
Airey Neave was awarded the Military Cross.
Airey Neave's military rank is Lieutenant Colonel.
Albert B. White was a member of the Republican Party in the United States.
Agnes Ward White was the wife of Albert B. White.
Albert Jennings Fountain served in the Union Army.
Alberto Teisaire was a Rear Admiral in the Argentine Navy.
Alfons Gorbach died in Austria.
Alfred Moore Scales began his career on 1875-03-04.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Darien, Connecticut.
Alfred N. Phillips was the Mayor of Stamford, Connecticut.
Allan Shivers began his career on January 21st 1947.
Allan Shivers was succeeded by Price Daniel.
Alvah Sabin began his career on 1853-03-04.
Robert E Lee was a commander in the American Civil War.
Robert E Lee was a commander in the Battle of Antietam.
The Battle of Cold Harbor took place during the American Civil War.
Gabriela Michetti is the leader of Buenos Aires.
Colin Powell was a commander in the Gulf War.
John F. Kennedy's predecessor was Dwight D. Eisenhower.
Juan Carlos I of Spain's predecessor was Francisco Franco.
The leader of the Netherlands is Mark Rutte.
The United States Army fought in the Spanish-American War.
William M O Dawson was born in Bloomington, Maryland.
The manager of A.C. Chievo Verona is Rolando Maran.
A.D. Isidro Metapan play in the Salvadoran Primera Division.
The full name of AFC Blackpool is "Association Football Club Blackpool".
The ground of A.F.C. Blackpool is "The Mechanics".
A.F.C. Blackpool's ground is in Blackpool.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Gubbio.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 has 5300 members.
AEK Athens FC's ground is in Athens.
AEK Athens F.C. played in the 2014-15 Greek Football League.
The AZAL Arena is located in Baku.
AZAL PFK play in the Azerbaijan Premier League.
AZ Alkmaar played in the Eredivisie in the 2014-15 season.
Akron, Ohio is in the United States.
Akron is located in Summit County, Ohio.
The full name of Akron Summit Assault is "Akron Metro Futbol Club Summit Assault".
Eberhard van der Laan is the leader of Amsterdam.
Christian Panucci plays for Chelsea F.C.
Christian Panucci plays for Inter Milan.
Frank de Boer played for FC Barcelona.
Gubbio is located in the Umbria region.
Sergio Mattarella is the leader of Italy.
Jens Härtel played for FC Sachsen Leipzig.
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez plays for FC Dallas.
Luciano Spalletti plays for Udinese Calcio.
Massimo Drago plays for A.S.D. S.S. Nola 1925.
Michele Marcolini plays for Atalanta BC.
Michele Marcolini plays for Vicenza Calcio.
Peter Stoger plays for 1. FC Koln.
Rolando Maran plays for F.C. Bari 1908.
Jong Ajax is a tenant of Sportpark De Toekomst.
St. Vincent-St. Mary High School is located in the United States.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba.
B.M. Reddy is the president of the Acharya Institute of Technology.
Kerala has Mahe, India to its northwest.
Meride is a neighbouring municipality of Mendrisio.
Bucharest is the capital of Romania.
The dean of the School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University is Thomas Pallesen.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has 16000 students.
1634: The Ram Rebellion has the ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0.
Eric Flint is the author of 1634: The Ram Rebellion.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was produced in print.
AIDS (journal) is from the United Kingdom.
The OCLC number of A Glastonbury Romance is 76798317.
A Glastonbury Romance is available in hardcover.
A Long Long Way is written in English.
Diane Duane is the author of A Wizard of Mars.
The ISSN number of Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg is 0025-5858.
Above the Veil was written by Garth Nix.
Above the Veil is in print.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica has the ISSN number 0567-7920.
Addiction (journal) has the LCCN number 93645978.
Addiction (journal) is about addiction.
Aenir is written in English.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English.
The American Journal of Mathematics comes under the academic discipline of Mathematics.
The novel Castle is written in the English language.
Eric Flint was born in Burbank, California.
Macmillan Publishers is the parent company of Farrar, Straus and Giroux.
John Cowper Powys is the author of A Glastonbury Romance.
Soho Press is located in the United States.
The Secret Scripture is published by Faber and Faber.
Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
English is the language of the United States.
Weymouth Sands was preceded by A Glastonbury Romance.
Aarhus Airport is operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A/S and has a runway length of 2777.0.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas and is 610 metres above sea level.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh.
Al Asad Airbase is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq and has a runway length of 3090.
Al Asad Airbase is located in Iraq, where Arabic is spoken.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who fought in the Invasion of Grenada.
The surface of the 1st runway at Alderney airport is poaceae which belongs to the class Monocotyledon.
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made of asphalt and has a length of 877.0.
Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Pakistan where the leader is Anwar Zaheer Jamali.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan and has a runway length of 2900.0.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is -3.3528 metres above sea level and its 1st runway is 3800 metres long.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is -3.3528 above sea level and its 1st runway is made of asphalt.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam and has a runway length of 2014.0.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam and has a runway length of 3300.0.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, where the largest city is Houston.
Angola International Airport serves Luanda and has a runway length of 3800.0.
Ardmore Airport in New Zealand has a runway length of 597.0 and its 3rd runway surface type is Poaceae.
Ashgabat International Airport is 211 metres above sea level and its 1st runway is 12467 feet long.
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines who have their headquarters in Turkmenistan.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States.
Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey and has a runway named 4/22.
Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey and has a runway length of 3048.0.
Afonso Pena International Airport is operated by Infraero which is located in Brasilia.
Aaron Deer is from Indiana, United States.
Aaron Turner played with the band Twilight and performs electroacoustic music.
Aaron Turner is a singer who performs avant-garde metal music.
Abradab is associated with the rapper Magik and the band Kaliber 44.
Abradab was born in Katowice on 12 November 1978.
Ace Wilder has a background as a solo singer and is signed to Warner Music Group.
Agustin Barboza was born in Paraguay and is signed to Philips Records.
Alan Frew's genre is rock music and bhangra music is a fusion genre of rock music.
Aleksandra Kovac is a solo singer who performs pop music.
Aleksandra Kovac performs rhythm and blues music which originated from blues music.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in England in 1872.
Alfredo Zitarrosa has a background as a solo singer and performs Milonga music.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is a solo singer and performs Taquirari music.
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Uruguay and died in Montevideo.
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Montevideo and died in Uruguay.
Alison O'Donnell is associated with Plastik Mak and Bajik.
Alison O'Donnell is a folk rock musician signed to the record label Floating World Records.
Alison O'Donnell is a jazz musician who plays the voice, bodhran, percussion and autoharp.
Allen Forrest is a solo singer who performs hip hop music.
Andrew White is an alternative rock musician. Christian alternative rock is a sub genre of alternative rock.
Anders Osborne is associated with Phil Lesh and Friends and Tab Benoit.
Anders Osborne is a rhythm and blues artist signed to the Shanachie Records label.
Andra is a rhythm and blues singer. Rhythm and blues originated from blues music.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Christian Burns and Jonathan Mendelsohn.
Andrew Rayel is associated with the musical artists Jwaydan Moyine and Armin van Buuren.
Andrew White is an alternative rock musician. Alternative rock has its stylistic origins in New wave music.
Al Anderson is a member of the band NRBQ and performs country music which uses the banjo as an instrument.
Andrew White is signed to the record label Polydor Records which is located in London.
Alan Bean was born on March 15, 1932 and is now retired.
Alan Shepard was a test pilot who is now deceased.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on January 20th, 1930.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, Essex County, New Jersey.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and was a crew member of Apollo 8.
William Anders graduated from AFIT with an M.S. in 1962 and is now retired.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Saskatchewan and plays for Wichita Thunder.
Abel Hernandez plays for Penarol who are managed by Jorge Orosmán da Silva.
Adam Maher plays for AZ Alkmaar and the Netherlands national under 17 football team.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for Steel Azin F.C. and Al Shorta SC.
Akeem Adams plays for T&TEC Sports Club and the Trinidad and Tobago national football team.
Akeem Ayers' draft pick is 39 and he used to play for the New England Patriots.
Akeem Ayers' draft pick is 39 and he used to play for the Tennessee Titans.
Akeem Priestley plays for Connecticut Huskies and Sheikh Russel KC.
Akeem Priestley plays for RoPS and Sheikh Russel KC.
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for the Al-Khor Sports Club whose ground is in Al Khor.
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC which is managed by Amar Osim.
Alan Martin played football for Hamilton Academical FC and Leeds United FC.
Alan Martin played football for Hamilton Academical FC whose home ground is New Douglas Park.
Aleksander Barkov Jr was born on September 2, 1995 and plays for the Florida Panthers.
Aleksander Barkov Jr was born in Tampere, Finland and plays for the Florida Panthers.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow and FC Kuban Krasnodar.
Alex Tyus plays for Maccabi Tel Aviv BC in the Turkish Basketball Super League.
Alex Plante was born in Brandon, Manitoba which is led by the Conservative Party of Canada.
Adam McQuaid was born in Canada where the national anthem is O Canada.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Dinamo Batumi which is managed by Levan Khomeriki.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow whose home ground is the Otkrytiye Arena.
Akeem Priestley plays for RoPS in the Veikkausliiga.
Akeem Adams plays for United Petrotrin F.C. whose ground is Palo Seco Velodrome.
108 St Georges Terrace has 50 floors and was completed in 1988.
200 Public Square has 45 floors and is located in the United States.
20 Fenchurch Street has 34 floors and a floor area of 62145.3 square metres.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago and has 60 floors.
320 South Boston Building was designed by the architect George Winkler who is from the United States.
HOK SVE was the architect of 3Arena which is located at East Link Bridge.
The 3Arena in Dublin was designed by the company Populous.
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen.
George Richard Pain was the architect of Adare Manor which was completed in 1862.
Adare Manor is located in Adare, County Limerick.
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka and has the Tudor Revival style of architecture.
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka and its architectural style is Tudor Revival.
The Brazilians are an ethnic group in Japan where the Akita Museum of Art is located.
The Akita Museum of Art has 3 floors and is located at 1-4-2 Nakadori.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat at Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, near CEPT University, opp. Gujarat University, University Road.
Ampara Hospital is in Eastern Province, Sri Lanka, where Austin Fernando is the leader.
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, United States.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in Brooklyn, New York City.
Adare Manor is located in County Limerick which is part of Munster.
3Arena is located in Dublin, Republic of Ireland.
(19255) 1994 VK8 has an escape velocity of 0.0925 km per sec and an apoapsis of.0 km.
(66391) 1999 KW4 has an epoch date of July 14th 2004 and an orbital period of 16244700.0.
101 Helena was discovered by James Craig Watson, who died of peritonitis.
Walter Baade, born in the German Empire, discovered 1036 Ganymed.
Walter Baade, a German national, discovered 1036 Ganymed.
James Craig Watson, who discovered 103 Hera, died of peritonitis.
107 Camilla was discovered by N.R. Pogson, who was born in Nottingham.
1089 Tama, formerly known as A919 HA; 1927 WB, has an epoch date of November 26th 2005.
1089 Tama has a temperature of 179 kelvins and an apoapsis of.0 kilometres.
1097 Vicia has a periapsis of.0 and an epoch date of December 31st 2006.
109 Felicitas has a temperature of 170.0 kelvins and an apoapsis of.0 kilometres.
109 Felicitas has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 and a periapsis of.0.
109 Felicitas has a rotation period of 47487.6 and an epoch date of December 31st 2006.
10 Hygiea has a temperature of 164.0 kelvins and an apoapsis of.33968 kilometres.
110 Lydia has a mass of 6.7 kilograms and an epoch date of December 31st 2006.
110 Lydia has an orbital period of.0 and an epoch date of December 31st 2006.
Akron, Ohio is located in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Albany is part of Oregon where the capital is Salem.
The United States House of Representatives leads Albuquerque, New Mexico, in the United States.
Amarillo is part of Texas in the United States.
Anaheim, California is led by the United States House of Representatives.
Anaheim is part of Orange County, California, United States.
Anderson is part of Adams Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States.
Antioch, California is 13.0 above sea level and has a total area of 75.324 square kilometres.
Arlington, Texas is 184 metres above sea level and has a total area of 258.2 square kilometres.
Arlington is part of Texas in the United States.
Atlanta is part of Georgia in the United States.
Atlantic City is part of Atlantic County, New Jersey, in the United States.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is in the United States, where the capital is Washington, D.C.
Atlantic City is part of Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States.
Atlantic City, New Jersey has a population density of 1421.2 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 44.125 square kilometres.
Auburn is part of Pierce County, Washington, in the United States.
Albany, Oregon is part of the United States, where the capital is Washington, D.C.
Amarillo, Texas is in the United States, where the capital is Washington DC.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Albany, Georgia is part of the United States, where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Auburn, Alabama is in the United States, where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Akron, Ohio is located in the United States, where English is spoken.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is in the United States, where the leader is called the President.
April O'Neil was created by Peter Laird, a United States national.
Jill Shilling starred in Bananaman which was broadcast by the BBC.
Graeme Garden stars in Bananaman which was broadcast by STV.
Tim Brooke-Taylor was born in Derbyshire and starred in Bananaman.
Baymax first appeared in the film Big Hero 6 which starred Alan Tudyk.
Baymax first appeared in the film Big Hero 6 which starred Scott Adsit.
Baymax, created by Steven T. Seagle, is a character in Big Hero 6.
The comic book character Ben Urich, whose full name is Benjamin Urich, was created by the comic book writer Roger McKenzie.
Bibbo Bibbowski was created by Jerry Ordway and Marv Wolfman.
Marv Wolfman is the creator of Bibbo Bibbowski whose full name is Bo Bibbowski.
Tomato is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce which comes from Italy.
Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia where Arem-arem is a traditional dish.
Arrabbiata sauce can be found in Italy where the language spoken is Italian.
Arrabbiata sauce can be found in Italy where Sergio Mattarella is a leader.
Chili pepper is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce which comes from Italy.
Arros negre is a traditional dish from the region of the Valencian Community in Spain.
Asam pedas is a dish of fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce and is found in Indonesia.
Ayam penyet is a food found in Malaysia and Indonesia.
The BLT is a variation of the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich.
The main ingredients of a Bacon Explosion are bacon and sausage.
The bacon sandwich is also known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin and contains bacon.
Bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of the BLT.
Sponge cake is an ingredient of Baked Alaska which comes from France.
Baked Alaska is from France where Manuel Valls is a leader.
Meringue is an ingredient of Baked Alaska which comes from the United States.
Fruit preserves are an ingredient of Bakewell tart which is a variation of Bakewell pudding.
Vermicelli is an ingredient of Bakso which comes from Indonesia.
Celery belongs to the Apiaceae family and is an ingredient in Bakso.
Chicharrón is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa which is part of Colombian cuisine.
Barny cakes can be found in France where the leader is Claude Bartolone.
Peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which is a dish from Indonesia.
Peanut sauce is an ingredient of Batagor which is a variation of Siomay.
Palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from Singapore.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore where Halimah Yacob is a leader.
Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of Beef kway teow which comes from Singapore and Indonesia.
Bhajji comes from India where the people are called Indians.
Bhajji originates from India where the leader is T. S. Thakur.
Binignit is a dish from the Philippines where the Igorot people are an ethnic group.
The main ingredient of binignit is banana and it comes from the Philippines.
The main ingredients of binignit are sweet potatoes and bananas.
Bionico is a food found in Mexico where Enrique Pena Nieto is the leader.
Granola is an ingredient of Bionico which comes from the Guadalajara region.
Cake is a type of dessert, as is Bionico.
Joko Widodo is the leader of Indonesia where Bakso comes from.
Shiitake is an ingredient of Shumai which is a variation of Batagor.
The A-Rosa Luna is 125800.0 millimetres long and was ordered on the 22nd of January 2004.
AIDA Cruises is located in Germany and operates the AIDAstella.
The AIDAluna is 252 metres long and has a top speed of 40.744.
The ALCO RS-3 has a diesel-electric transmission and was built by the Montreal Locomotive Works.
The ALV X-1 rocket has 2 stages and a diameter of 1.524 metres.
1974 is one of the model years of the AMC Matador which is assembled in Kenosha, Wisconsin.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Milan and is related to the Saab 9000.
The Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Italy, and the Fiat Croma are related means of transport.
The Alfa Romeo 164 was assembled in Italy and is a related means of transport to the Lancia Thema.
The Alvis Speed 25 was manufactured by the Alvis Car and Engineering Company located in Coventry.
The Alvis Speed 25 has a straight-six engine and a transmission system consisting of a single plate clutch, separate 4-speed gearbox all-silent and all-syncromesh, centre change lever, open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints and spiral bevel fully floating back axle.
Eagle succeeded American Motors, the manufacturer of the AMC Matador.
Gabriela Michetti is the leader of Argentina where the ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) is from.
The Ariane 5, manufactured by Airbus Defence and Space, was launched at ELA-3.
The Aston Martin V8 is assembled in the United Kingdom and is related to the Aston Martin RHAM/1.
The Aston Martin V8 was manufactured by Aston Martin and was succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage.
The Aston Martin V8, succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage, and the Aston Martin DBS are related means of transport.
The Aston Martin Virage, manufactured by Aston Martin, succeeded the Aston Martin V8.
The Atlas II has a diameter of 3.04m and its final flight was on 1998-03-16.
Audi is the manufacturer of the Audi A1 and has a division called Audi e-tron.
Quattro Gmbh is a subsidiary of Audi who manufacture the Audi A1.
The Antares rocket is comparable with the Delta II which was launched at the Vandenberg Air Force Base.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in Finland, where Juha Sipila is a leader.
General Dynamics is the parent company of the General Dynamics Electric Boat which built the American submarine NR-1.
The A-Rosa Luna is powered by a MTU Friedrichshafen engine which is owned by Rolls-Royce Holdings.
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom where the Aston Martin V8 is assembled.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield, Frederick, Maryland.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku and is located in Azerbaijan.
The native name of the Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is Turk Sehitleri Aniti and it is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku.
Stephen Yong Kuet Tze is the deputy of Abdul Rahman Ya'kub, who succeeded Abdul Taib Mahmud.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Minna and graduated from the Technical Institute, Kaduna.
Abdulsalami Abubakar worked as the Nigerian Chief of the Defence Staff and was succeeded by Al-Amin Daggash.
Abdulsalami Abubakar, who succeeded Olusegun Obasanjo, ended his career on 29th May 1999.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo and was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President.
Abner W. Sibal fought in World War II where Joseph Stalin was a commander.
Abner W. Sibal served in the United States Army which fought in the Korean War.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent and graduated from Magdalene College in Cambridge.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent and lives in Gravesend.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens and worked as the Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece.
Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendorf and worked as a Parliamentary group leader.
Airey Neave served in the Royal Artillery Unit and was awarded the Military Cross.
Airey Neave fought in the Battle of France and began his career on March 4th 1974.
Airey Neave fought in the Battle of France where Hugo Sperrle was a commander.
Airey Neave fought in World War II where Franklin D Roosevelt was a commander.
Albert B. White was born on 22nd September 1856 and died in 1941.
Albert B. White was born on 22nd September 1856 and was a politician.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York City and died in Dona Ana County, New Mexico.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York City and was a member of the Republican Party in the United States.
Alberto Teisaire worked as a Provisional President of the Argentine Senate and was succeeded by Isaac Rojas.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria-Hungary.
Alfred Moore Scales was Governor of North Carolina and was succeeded by the politician James W Reid.
Alfred Moore Scales was succeeded by Daniel Gould Fowle, whose alma mater is Princeton University.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Connecticut and worked at the United States House of Representatives.
Allan Shivers fought in World War II where Joseph Stalin was a commander.
Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin, Texas and worked as a member of the Texas State Senate District 4 for Port Arthur.
Alvah Sabin was born on 23rd October 1793 and worked as the Secretary of State of Vermont.
Agnes Kant is from the Netherlands where the Euro is the currency.
Agnes Kant is from the Netherlands where the leader is Mark Rutte.
Albert B White died in Parkersburg, West Virginia, United States.
1 FC Magdeburg has 27250 members and played the 2014-15 season in the Regionalliga.
Verona, Italy is the home to A.C. Chievo Verona which has 39371 members.
Rolando Maran was born in Italy and is the manager of AC Chievo Verona.
A.D. Isidro Metapan's manager is Jorge Humberto Rodriguez who plays for FC Dallas.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and played in the 2014-15 A EPSTH, Greece.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer) who plays for Blackburn Rovers FC.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer) who plays for Irlam Town FC.
AFC Fylde have 3180 members and their ground is in Lancashire.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910, which has 5300 members, is located in Gubbio.
A.S. Livorno Calcio's ground is in Livorno and they play in Serie B.
A.S. Livorno Calcio are managed by Christian Panucci who plays for A.S. Roma.
ACF Fiorentina are managed by Paulo Sousa who plays for Juventus F.C.
The full name of ACF Fiorentina is ACF Fiorentina S.p.A. and it has 47290 members.
AEK Athens F.C. has 69618 members and its ground is in Greece.
AEK Athens F.C.'s ground is the Olympic Stadium (Athens) and they play in the Superleague Greece.
AFC Ajax (amateurs)'s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst where Jong Ajax is a tenant.
AZAL PFK's ground is the AZAL Arena and they are located in Shuvalan, Baku, Azerbaijan.
Akron Summit Assault has 3000 members and played in the 2011 PDL season.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Gubbio, Umbria.
Pietro Grasso is the leader of Italy where the ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located.
Luciano Spalletti plays for Empoli F.C. and manages AS Roma.
The nickname of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University in Alba is Uab.
Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum.
The president of the Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore is B.M. Reddy.
Acharya Institute of Technology was given the 'Technical Campus' status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai.
The AWH Engineering College is located in the state of Kerala where the leader is Kochi.
Eric Flint is the author of 1634: The Bavarian Crisis which was preceded by The Grantville Gazettes.
Virginia DeMarce is the author of 1634: The Ram Rebellion which is available as an E book.
AIP Advances, abbreviated to AIP Adv., has the EISSN number 2158.
A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by J.V. Jones and is in print.
A Fortress of Grey Ice has 672 pages and the ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6.
A Glastonbury Romance, written by John Cowper Powys, was followed by Weymouth Sands.
A Long Long Way was published in Print & Paperback and has the OCLC number 57392246.
A Long Long Way has 292 pages and the ISBN number 0-670-03380-4.
Penguin Random House is the parent company of Viking Press, the publisher of A Long Long Way.
A Loyal Character Dancer was written by Qiu Xiaolong and is available in print form.
A Severed Wasp has the OCLC number 8805735 and the ISBN number 0-374-26131-8.
A Severed Wasp is available in hardcover and has the OCLC number 8805735.
A Severed Wasp is written in the English language which is spoken in Great Britain.
A Severed Wasp is in print and has the ISBN number 0-374-26131-8.
Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg is published by Springer Science and Business Media which was founded by Julius Springer.
The literary genre of Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is Fantasy literature and has the ISBN number 0-439-92550-9.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has the OCLC number 78771100 and the ISBN number 0-439-92550-9.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was followed by Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener's Bones which was written by Brandon Sanderson.
The American Journal of Mathematics (abbreviated to Am. J. Math) comes under the academic discipline of Mathematics.
The American Journal of Mathematics is published by Johns Hopkins University Press whose parent company is Johns Hopkins University.
1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States where the capital is Washington D.C.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where the capital is Washington D.C.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Aarhus Lufthavn A/S is the operating organisation for Aarhus Airport which has a runway length of 2776.0 and a runway name of 10R/28L.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the cities of Lake Placid and Saranac Lake, New York and has a runway length of 2003.0.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Paracuellos de Jarama, part of the community of Madrid, in Spain.
Agra Airport in Uttar Pradesh is operated by the Indian Air Force and has the ICAO location identifier of VIAG.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase which is located in Iraq and has a runway length of 3992.88.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase. They bombed Libya in 1986 and deploy the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle aircraft fighter.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who fought in the Invasion of Grenada and deploy the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle aircraft fighter.
Alderney Airport serves the city of Alderney and has a runway length of 877.0. The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made of Poaceae.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan and is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority whose headquarters are at Jinnah International Airport.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan and has a runway length of 2900.0. The runway name is 18L/36R.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located at 210 metres above sea level in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan, United States.
Andrews County Airport in Texas is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1773.0.
Andrews County Airport in Texas is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where the capital is Austin and English is spoken.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States, where the inhabitants are known as Tejano.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium, where German is spoken.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States.
The Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey which serves New Jersey and has its headquarters at the Four World Trade Center.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States and has a runway length of 3048.0.
Allama Iqbal International airport serves the city of Lahore in Pakistan where the leader is Anwar Zaheer Jamali.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid which is part of the Community of Madrid and led by Ahora Madrid.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Spain, where the leader party is Ahora Madrid.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastian de los Reyes, Spain, where the leader party is the People's Party.
Aaron Deer is from Indiana, United States and performs Psychedelia music.
Aaron Turner is an Ambient musician who played with the band Twilight and is associated with Mamiffer.
Aaron Turner is a black metal singer. Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal.
Abradab was born on the 12th of November 1978 and is associated with the rapper Magik and the band Kaliber 44.
Abradab, from Katowice, is associated with the rapper Magik and the band Kaliber 44.
Ace Wilder performs hip hop music which has its origins in funk and disco.
Agustin Barboza was born in Asuncion, Paraguay, where the leader is Juan Afara.
Al Anderson is a singer in the rock band NRBQ.
Alan Frew performs rock music which originated from country music. A musical fusion of rock music is bhangra music.
Albennie Jones was born in Errata, Mississippi and performs rhythm and blues music. Disco is a derivative of rhythm and blues.
Pop musician Aleksandra Kova is associated with Bebi Dol and the K2 (Kova sisters duo).
Aleksandra Kovac is a rhythm and blues musician who is associated with Kristina Kovac and the band K2.
Alex Day performs Synthpop music which has its origins in Disco and pop music.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, England and died in Sidcup.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in England, United Kingdom and died in London.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester and died in Sidcup. Manchester is led by the Labour Party (UK).
Alison O'Donnell plays folk music of Ireland and was a member of the Flibbertigibbet band and the Mellow Candle band.
Folk musician Alison O'Donnell is a member of the Mellow Candle band and the Flibbertigibbet band.
Alison O'Donnell is a jazz musician who uses her voice, bodhran, percussion and autoharp. Funk is a derivative of Jazz.
Allen Forrest was born in Dothan, Alabama and has a background as a solo singer. He performs pop music.
Rhythm and blues singer Allen Forrest was born in Dothan, Alabama.
Nu metal is a music fusion genre of alternative rock which has its stylistic origins in New wave music. Andrew White is an alternative rock musician.
Anders Osborne is associated with Billy Iuso, Tab Benoit and Kirk Joseph.
Anders Osborne is a rock musician signed to Rabadash Records. A musical fusion of rock music is bhangra music.
Dance pop singer Andra is associated with the singer Puya and the band CRBL.
Andra is a rhythm and blues singer who is associated with Andreea Bălan and Marius Moga.
Trance musician Andrew Rayel is associated with Christian Burns and Jonathan Mendelsohn.
Trance musician Andrew Rayel is associated with artists Jonathan Mendelsohn and Bobina.
The musician Andrew White is associated with the musical artist Marry Banilow and plays for the band Kaiser Chiefs. He was signed to the now defunct Universal Records label.
Aaron Bertram plays for the Suburban Legends band and performs ska punk music which originated from ska music.
Albennie Jones was born in Errata, Mississippi, in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Alan Bean is an American who was born in Wheeler, Texas and is now retired.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, in the United States, where Joe Biden is a leader.
American Buzz Aldrin graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology with a Sc.D in 1963 and was selected by NASA in 1963.
Elliot See was born in Dallas, United States and attended the University of Texas at Austin.
Elliot See graduated from the University of Texas at Austin and was selected by NASA in 1962. He died in St. Louis.
Elliot See graduated from the University of Texas at Austin and died in St. Louis where Francis G. Slay is the leader.
Elliot See died in St Louis, part of the Kingdom of France, on February 28, 1966.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire where the purple finch is a native bird. He spent 13017 minutes in space.
Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen II and his club is VfL Wolfsburg which is managed by Dieter Hecking.
Abel Hernandez played youth football for Central Espanol and now plays for Hull City AFC and US Citta di Palermo.
Adam Maher was born in the Netherlands and plays for PSV Eindhoven and AZ Alkmaar.
Akeem Adams plays for W Connection F.C. and previously played for United Petrotrin F.C. whose ground is Palo Seco.
Akeem Ayers, who used to play for the Los Angeles Rams, was number 39 in the draft pick and drafted in round 2.
Iraq born Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for Shabab Al-Ordon Club and the Iraq national under 20 football team.
Alan Martin was born on 1 January 1989 and played football for Hamilton Academical FC and Clyde FC.
Alan Martin played football for Motherwell FC and now plays for Accrington Stanley FC based in Accrington.
Aleksander Barkov Jr was born in Tampere, Finland on September 2, 1995 and was drafted to the Florida Panthers.
Aleksandr Chumakov was born in the Soviet Union and died in Russia, where the leader is Vladimir Putin.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 24 February 1989 and plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar and FC Alania Vladikavkaz.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 24 February 1989 and plays for FC Tom Tomsk and the Russia national football B team.
Aleksandre Guruli played for US Lesquin and now plays for the Olympique Lyonnais club whose home ground is the Parc Olympique Lyonnais stadium.
Alessio Romagnoli, who played for the Italy national under 16 football team, plays for A.C. Milan, which is managed by Sinia Mihajlovi.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.S. Roma and the Italy national under 16 football team coached by Daniele Zoratto.
Alessio Romagnoli, who was born in Italy, played for the Italy national under 17 football team and now plays for UC Sampdoria.
Alex Plante was born in Brandon, Manitoba and is 1.9304m tall. He plays for the club Anyang Halla.
Alex Plante was born in Canada and is 1.9304m tall. He plays for the club Anyang Halla.
Alex Tyus plays in the Euroleague for Maccabi Ashdod B.C. which is coached by Zvi Sherf.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Tom Tomsk and FC Spartak Moscow whose home ground is the Otkrytiye Arena.
Aleksandr Prudnikov played youth football for FC Spartak Moscow whose home ground is the Otkrytiye Arena. He now plays for FC Anzhi Makhachkala.
Abel Hernandez plays for the Uruguay Olympic football team and also for Hull City AFC which is managed by Steve Bruce.
Aleksandr Chumakov was born in Moscow, where the leader is Sergey Sobyanin. He died in Russia.
Abner plays for the Brazilian national under 20 football team and also for Real Madrid Castilla who are managed by Luis Miguel Ramis.
Abner played football for CD FAS and now plays for Real Madrid Castilla who are managed by Luis Miguel Ramis.
Alex Tyus was born in St Louis, which is part of Greater St Louis and led by Francis G Slay.
Akeem Ayers made his debut for the Tennessee Titans who are based in Nashville, Tennessee. He also played for the New England Patriots.
103 Colmore Row is located at Colmore Row and was designed by the architect John Madin, who was born in Birmingham.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio, where Frank G Jackson is a leader.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States and has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843.8 square metres.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, which is part of DuPage County, Illinois and is led by Rahm Emanuel.
The architect of 320 South Boston Building in the United States is George Winkler. The building has 22 floors.
HOK SVE was the architect of 3Arena which was completed in December 2008 and is located at North Wall Quay.
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen in Denmark which has 23 floors.
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen which was designed by the architects of 3XN and has 23 floors.
Augustus Pugin, born in Bloomsbury, was the architect of Adare Manor and the Palace of Westminster.
Philip Charles Hardwick was the architect of Adare Manor which was completed in 1862 and is owned by J.P. McManus.
The architectural style of Adisham Hall, Haputale, is Tudor and Jacobean and it was completed in 1931.
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka and was completed in 1931 in the architectural style of Tudor and Jacobean.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka, where the leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe.
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka where the capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and the currency is the Sri Lankan rupee.
The Mason School of Business, located in the United States, are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall, which was started on 30 March 2007.
Julia Morgan was born in San Francisco and designed the grounds of Asilomar Conference and the Riverside Art Museum.
Californian born architect Julia Morgan designed the grounds of Asilomar Conference and significant buildings in Chinatown, San Francisco.
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located on Asilomar Blvd, Pacific Grove, California and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February the 27nd 1987 with the reference number 87000823.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in Avenue A, Manhattan and was constructed in 1904. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980-04-23.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City and was constructed in 1904. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980-04-23.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin, who was born in Birmingham, which is led by the Conservative Party (UK).
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin, who was born in Birmingham, where the Liberal Democrats are the leaders.
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, where Hailemariam Desalegn is the leader.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat where the leader is Anandiben Patel.
Bill Marriott is a key person at Marriott International which is located in Bethesda, Maryland and is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen.
(19255) 1994 VK8 has an escape velocity of 0.0925 km per sec, a mass of 5.6 kg and an apoapsis of.0 km.
1000 Piazzia has an orbital period of 488160.0 and a periapsis of.0. Its epoch is 2015-06-27.
101 Helena has a mass of 3.0 kgs, an escape velocity of 0.0348 km per sec and an apoapsis of.0 km.
James Craig Watson, who died in Madison, Wisconsin, discovered 103 Hera, which has an epoch date of August 27th 2011.
James Craig Watson, who discovered 103 Hera, died of peritonitis in Madison, Wisconsin.
103 Hera has an epoch date of August 27th 2011 and an orbital period of 1622.213 days. Its apoapsis is.0 kilometres.
107 Camilla was discovered by N.R. Pogson who was born in Nottingham, England.
1089 Tama, formerly known as A894 VA; A904 VD, has an orbital period of 1202.846 days and an epoch date of 26 November 2005.
1089 Tama has an epoch date of November 26th 2005, a periapsis of.0 and an apoapsis of.0 kilometres.
1097 Vicia, formerly known as 1928 PC, has a periapsis of.0 and an epoch date of December 31st 2006.
109 Felicitas has an epoch date of December 31st 2006, a mass of 7.5kg and an orbital period of.0.
109 Felicitas has an epoch date of December 31st 2006, an orbital period of.0 and an apoapsis of.0 kilometres.
10 Hygiea has an average speed of 16.76 kilometres per second, an orbital period of 5.57 days and an apoapsis of.33968 kilometres.
The celestial body known as 10 Hygiea has an average speed of 16.76 km per sec, a surface area of 837080.744 square km and an apoapsis of.33968 kilometres.
110 Lydia has a mass of 6.7 kilograms, a periapsis of.0 and an epoch date of 31 December 2006.
The epoch date of 110 Lydia is 31 December 2006. It has a periapsis of.0 and an apoapsis of.0 kilometres.
Albany is part of the state of Georgia, in the United States, where Native Americans are an ethnic group.
Alexandria, Indiana has a total area of 6.81 square kilometres, is 265.0 above sea level and a population density of 755.3 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Alpharetta is part of the state of Georgia, in the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Alpharetta is part of Fulton County, Georgia, in the United States, where Native Americans are an ethnic group.
Alpharetta is part of the state of Georgia, in the United States, where Native Americans are an ethnic group.
Anaheim, California has a UTC offset of -8, area codes 657 and 714 and a total area of 131.6 square kilometres.
The United States House of Representatives is located in the United States and leads Anaheim, California.
Anderson, Indiana is 268.0 above sea level, has a population density of 523.9 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 107.43 square kilometres.
Angola is part of Steuben County in Indiana, United States.
Arlington, Texas is 184 metres above sea level, has a population density of 1472 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 258.2 square kilometres.
Arlington is part of Texas in the U.S. Houston is the largest city in Texas.
Atlanta is part of the state of Georgia in the United States, where Native Americans are an ethnic group.
Atlantic City is part of New Jersey in the U.S. Trenton is the capital of New Jersey.
Atlantic City is part of New Jersey, in the United States, where the capital is Washington, D.C.
Attica, Indiana has a total area of 4.14 square kilometres, is 166 above sea level and has a population density of 783.1 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama in the United States.
Auburn is part of Washington state in the U.S. Olympia is the capital of Washington state.
Austin, Texas has a total area of 703.95 square kilometres and a population density of 1296.65 inhabitants per square kilometre. Its area codes are 512 and 737.
Alpharetta is part of the state of Georgia in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Alexandria is part of Monroe Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States.
Atlantic City is part of New Jersey, United States, where the largest city is Newark.
Arlington is part of the state of Texas in the United States, where Spanish is spoken.
Auburn is part of King County, Washington, in the United States, the capital of which is Washington, D.C.
Atlantic City is part of New Jersey, in the United States, where the capital is Washington DC.
Angola is part of Indiana, in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Albany is part of Benton County, Oregon, in the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
The mayor leads Austin, Texas, in the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is in the United States and is led by the State Senate. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.
Albany, Georgia is in the United States where English is spoken and African Americans are an ethnic group.
The comic character Asterix was created by Albert Uderzo and the French national Rene Goscinny.
Tim Brooke-Taylor starred in Bananaman which was broadcast by the BBC and last aired on 15th April 1986.
Baymax first appeared in the film Big Hero 6 which was distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures and starred Scott Adsit.
Baymax is a character in the film Big Hero 6 which stars Scott Adsit and is distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures.
Baymax is a character in the film Big Hero 6 which stars Ryan Potter and is distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures.
The comic character Blockbuster, also known as Mark Desmond, was created by Gardner Fox and Carmine Infantino.
The comic character Bolt, also known as Larry Bolatinsky, was created by Dan Mishkin and Gary Cohn.
The comic character Bolt, also known as Larry Bolatinsky, was created by Ernie Colon and Gary Cohn.
Guanciale is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce which comes from the Lazio region of Italy.
Arem-arem is a Javanese dish that includes compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
Tomato belongs to the flowering plant division of the Solanaceae family and is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce.
Olive oil is an ingredient of Arrabbiata sauce which comes from the region of Rome, Italy.
Tomato is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce which comes from the region of Rome, Italy.
Asam pedas is a dish from the Malay Peninsula region of Malaysia. The main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia where the capital is Kuala Lumpur and the leader is Arifin Zakaria.
Ayam penyet is a food found in Indonesia and is also found in Malaysia where the Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group.
Lettuce is an ingredient in a BLT which is a variation of a club sandwich and a bacon sandwich.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and White Americans are an ethnic group.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where John Roberts is a leader and the capital city is Washington D.C.
Bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of the BLT which is a variation of the club sandwich.
Sponge cake is an ingredient of Baked Alaska which is from France and New York.
Baked Alaska is from France where Manuel Valls is the leader and the currency is the euro.
Christmas pudding is an ingredient of Baked Alaska which comes from the New York region of the United States.
Sponge cake is an ingredient of Baked Alaska which is served as a dessert. Cookies are also a type of dessert.
Bakewell pudding is a dessert from the Derbyshire Dales region. The main ingredients are ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs.
Bakewell pudding (or tart) originates from the Derbyshire Dales. The main ingredients are ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs.
Beef is an ingredient in Bakso which is a dish from Indonesia.
Avocado is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa which is part of Colombian cuisine and is from the Paisa region.
Hogao is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa which is part of Colombian cuisine and comes from the Paisa region.
Barny cakes can be found in France where Claude Bartolone and Manuel Valls are leaders.
Batchoy originates from the Philippines and the main ingredients are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
Batchoy comes from the Philippines and the main ingredients are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
Tony Tan is the leader of Singapore where Beef kway teow is a popular dish. The dish is also popular in Indonesia.
Sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from Singapore and Indonesia.
Oyster sauce is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from Singapore and Indonesia.
Bhajji originates from India where the currency is the rupee and the leader is Sumitra Mahajan.
Banana is an ingredient in binignit which is served as a dessert. Cookies are also a type of dessert.
Sago is an ingredient in binignit which is served as a dessert. Cookies are also a type of dessert.
Taro is an ingredient of Binignit which is served as a dessert. A cookie is also a dessert.
The main ingredient of binignit is sweet potato, which belongs to the order of Solanales. Another ingredient is banana.
Granola is an ingredient of Bionico which is a dessert found in Mexico.
Bionico is a food found in the Guadalajara region of Mexico and contains raisins.
Bionico is a food found in Mexico where the currency is the peso and the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo.
Pietro Grasso is the leader of Italy where Rome is the capital and Amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce.
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines where Arabic is spoken and where the Igorot people are an ethnic group.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore where Tony Tan is the leader and English is spoken.
Tomato belongs to the order of Solanales and the family of Solanaceae. It is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce.
The A-Rosa Luna has a ship displacement of 1850 tonnes, a top speed of 24.0 and is 125800.0 millimetres long.
The AIDAstella was christened on March 16th 2013 and began service on March 17th 2013. It is 253260.0 millimetres in length.
The ALCO RS-3 has a four-stroke engine and is 17068.8 millimetres long. It was built by the American Locomotive Company.
The American Locomotive Company built the ALCO RS-3 which has a V12 engine and is 17068.8 millimetres long.
The ALCO RS-3 was built by the American Locomotive Company which was founded in Schenectady, New York and is 17068.8 millimetres in length.
The ALV X-1 originates from the United States, where Native Americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is Washington D.C.
The ALV X-1 rocket has 2 stages and a diameter of 1.524 metres. It has had 1 total launch.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe has a coupe body style and a straight-four engine. Its production ended in 1958.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe is a two door model with a wheelbase of 2160 millimetres and a width of 1.55 metres.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built at the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard in Helsinki. It has a ship beam of 21.2.
The Alfa Romeo 164 was assembled in Italy, where Rome is the capital. The Alfa Romeo 164 and the Fiat Croma are related means of transport.
The Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Milan, is related to the Fiat Croma and the Saab 9000.
The Alhambra was launched on 31st May 1855 and has a ship beam of 8.3m and a length of 63800.0 millimetres.
The Alhambra, which was wrecked, had a ship beam of 8.3m and was launched on 31st May 1855.
The Alvis Speed 25 has a petrol engine and was manufactured by the Alvis Car and Engineering Company which was founded in Coventry.
Roy D Chapin Jr is a key person at American Motors which was acquired by Eagle. They manufacture the AMC Matador.
The Antares rocket, manufactured by the Yuzhnoye Design Office, is comparable with the Delta II rocket, which originates from the United States.
The Antares rocket is a medium expendable launch system manufactured by the Yuzhnoye Design Office and launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0.
The Ariane 5 was manufactured by Arianespace and launched at the ELA-3 launchpad at the Guiana Space Centre.
The Aston Martin V8, assembled in the United Kingdom, has a 5.3 litre engine and is related to the Aston Martin DBS.
The Atlas II originates from the United States and was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base and Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
The Atlas II originates from the United States and was launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station and the Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36.
AIDAluna, owned by AIDA Cruises, is powered by Illinois based Caterpillar Inc.
The AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruises and owned by Costa Crociere who are located in Genoa.
The Antares rocket is comparable with the Delta II which originates from the United States and was launched at the Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2.
The launch site of the Ariane 5 was ELA-3 launchpad at the Guiana Space Centre which has its headquarters in French Guiana.
The launch site of the Ariane 5 was ELA-3 launchpad at the Guiana Space Centre in Kourou, French Guiana.
The A-Rosa Luna was built on the Neptun Werft which is located in Rostock, Germany.
Atlas II originates from the United States where Americans live and African Americans are an ethnic group.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania, United States. Adams County has Carroll County, Maryland to its southeast.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in the municipality of Gettysburg, Adams County, Pennsylvania, which has Carroll County, Maryland to its southeast.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, or Turk Sehitleri Aniti, is located in Baku, the capital of Azerbaijan.
Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan where the leader is Artur Rasizade and the legislature is the National Assembly.
The Atatürk Monument (zmir) is located in Turkey, where the capital is Ankara and the leader is Ahmet Davutoglu.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak, was succeeded by Abdul Rahman Ya'kub, whose deputy is Stephen Yong Kuet Tze.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State and attended the Technical Institute, Kaduna. He worked as the Nigerian Chief of the Defence Staff.
Abdulsalami Abubakar served in the Nigerian Army and was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo, who was in office while Atiku Abubakar was Vice President.
Abel Caballero was born in Ponteareas, Galicia, Spain and worked as a Member of the Congress of Deputies.
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia, Spain and is a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party.
Abner W. Sibal served in the United States Army and fought in World War II where Joseph Stalin was a commander.
Abner W. Sibal was born in Ridgewood, Queens and is a member of the Republican Party of the United States. He worked as a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District.
Adam Holloway served in the Grenadier Guards and fought in the Gulf War. George H. W. Bush was a commander in the Gulf War.
Adam Holloway was born in Faversham and attended Magdalene College in Cambridge. He is a member of the Conservative Party in the UK.
Adam Koc fought in the Polish–Soviet War which was part of the Russian Civil War. Leon Trotsky was a commander in the Polish–Soviet War.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece and worked as the Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally.
Adonis Georgiadis is a member of the Greek New Democracy Party which uses the colour blue. He was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister.
Agnes Kant, a national of the Netherlands, worked as the Parliamentary group leader. The leader of the Netherlands is Mark Rutte.
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands where the currency is the euro and the leader is Mark Rutte.
Airey Neave, who fought in the Battle of France, was awarded the Military Cross and ended his career on 30th March 1979.
Airey Neave, who fought in World War II, began his career on March 4th 1974 and ended it on 30th March 1979.
Albert B White was born on 22nd September 1856 and died in Parkersburg, West Virginia in 1941.
Agnes Ward White was the wife of Albert B. White, who began his career on March 4, 1901 and ended it on March 4th 1905.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island and fought in the American Civil War where Abraham Lincoln was a commander.
Albert Jennings Fountain served in the 1st Regiment New Mexico Volunteer Cavalry and fought in the American Civil War where Jefferson Davis was a commander.
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina and belongs to the Justicialist Party. He worked as the Provisional President of the Argentine Senate.
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina and served as a Rear Admiral in the Argentine Navy before being succeeded by Isaac Rojas.
Connecticut born Alfred N Phillips was the Mayor of Stamford Connecticut and was succeeded by Albert E Austin.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Darien, Connecticut and worked at the United States House of Representatives before being succeeded by Albert E. Austin.
Allan Shivers, who was Governor of Texas, was a member of the Democratic Party in the United States and was succeeded by Price Daniel.
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia, Vermont and was a member of the Whig Party of the United States which is led by Henry Clay.
Alvah Sabin represented Vermont's 3rd Congressional District and ended his career on 1857-03-03.
Alfred Moore Scales fought in the Battle of Gettysburg, part of the American Civil War conflict, where Jefferson Davis was a commander.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria, where the leader is Doris Bures. He died in Graz.
Aaron S. Daggett fought in the Battle of Antietam which was part of the American Civil War conflict. Robert E Lee was a commander in the Battle of Antietam.
Aaron S. Daggett fought in the Battle of the Wilderness during the American Civil War. Jefferson Davis was a commander in the American Civil War.
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam and is a national of the Netherlands where the currency is the euro.
Jens Härtel has been manager of 1 FC Magdeburg and plays for 1. FC Lokomotive Leipzig and SV Germania Schoneiche.
Massimo Drago manages A.C. Cesena and plays for A.S.D. Licata 1931 and A.S.D. S.S. Nola 1925.
Associazione Calcio Lumezzane SpA (abbreviated to A.C. Lumezzane) has 4150 members and play in the Lega Pro/A.
Jorge Humberto Rodrguez manages the A.D. Isidro Metapan and plays for Alianza F.C. and the El Salvador national football team.
Antonis Milionis is the chairman of A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis which has 1500 members and its ground is in Efxeinoupoli.
Association Football Club Blackpool (abbreviated to A.F.C. Blackpool) has 1500 members and their ground is in Blackpool.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer), who has played for Chesterfield FC and Runcorn FC Halton.
AFC Fylde's manager is Dave Challinor who plays for Colwyn Bay F.C. and plays for Stockport County F.C.
The full name of A.S. Livorno Calcio is Livorno Calcio S.p.A. and they have 19238 members. Their ground is located in Livorno, Italy.
A.S. Livorno Calcio, managed by Christian Panucci, play in Serie B, the champions of which, are Carpi FC 1909.
A.S. Livorno Calcio are managed by Christian Panucci who has played for Chelsea FC and Real Madrid FC.
AEK Athens F.C.'s ground is in Greece and they play in the Superleague Greece, the champions of which are Olympiacos F.C.
The manager of AEK Athens F.C. is Gus Poyet, who played for Chelsea F.C. and now plays for Real Zaragoza.
The ground of AFC Ajax (amateurs) is located in Amsterdam which is led by Eberhard van der Laan and includes the Amsterdam-Centrum.
Amsterdam-Noord is part of Amsterdam where Eberhard van der Laan is the leader. The ground of AFC Ajax (amateurs) is located in Amsterdam.
John van den Brom has been manager of AZ Alkmaar and plays for Jong Ajax and Istanbulspor A.S.
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca and they play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league which is based in Brazil.
Luciano Spalletti plays for Udinese Calcio and Empoli F.C. He manages A.S. Roma.
Massimo Drago has been the manager of A C Cesena and plays for S.S. Chieti Calcio and A.S.D. Licata 1931.
Massimo Drago has been the manager of A C Cesena and plays for U.S Castrovillari Calcio and A.S.D. S.S. Nola 1925.
Massimo Drago has played for U.S Castrovillari Calcio and S.S. Chieti Calcio. He is the manager of A.C. Cesena.
The AWH Engineering College in Kerala, India has 250 academic staff.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The AWH Engineering College is located in the state of Kerala which is led by Kochi and has Mahe, India to its northwest.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania. The country's anthem is Deșteaptă-te, române! and its ethnic group is the Germans of Romania.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania. The country's leader is Klaus Iohannis and its ethnic group is the Germans of Romania.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussels.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark was established in 1928.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis, written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint, is in print and has 448 pages.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was preceded by 1634: The Galileo Affair and is written in English which is spoken in Great Britain.
ACM Transactions on Information Systems is published by the Association for Computing Machinery which has its headquarters in New York City and is led by Alexander L. Wolf.
The AIDS (journal) comes under the academic discipline HIV/AIDS and has the ISSN number 0269-9370.
The AIDS (journal) comes under the academic discipline HIV/AIDS and has the ISSN number 1473-5571.
A T Charlie Johnson lives in the United States and his alma mater is Stanford University. He is the editor of AIP Advances.
J.V. Jones is the author of A Fortress of Grey Ice which has the OCLC number 51969173 and the ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6.
Qiu Xiaolong is the author of A Loyal Character Dancer which has the OCLC number 49805501 and the ISBN number 1-56947-301-3.
A Loyal Character Dancer is written in English and published by Soho Press in the United States.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States and written in English, the language spoken in Great Britain.
A Severed Wasp is available in hardcover and has 388 pages. It has the OCLC number 8805735.
Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg (abbreviated to Abh. Math. Semin. Univ. Hambg.) has the ISSN number 1865-8784 and the LCCN number 32024459.
Aenir is written in English and was followed by Above the Veil which was written by Australians.
Aenir, written by Garth Nix, was followed by Above the Veil which is written in English.
Above the Veil, written by Garth Nix, is available in hardcover and has 248 pages.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica (abbrv. Acta Palaeontol. Pol.) has the ISSN number 0567-7920 and the LCCN number 60040714.
The Addiction Journal (abbreviated to Addiction) is about addiction and has the ISSN number 1360-0443.
John Wiley & Sons is the parent company of Wiley-Blackwell which is the publisher of Addiction journal which has the ISSN number 0965-2140.
Cornell University in New York is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly and is affiliated with the Association of American Universities.
Aenir, written in English by Garth Nix, was followed by Above the Veil.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English, the language spoken in Great Britain. It originates from the United States.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is available in hardcover and has 320 pages. Its OCLC number is 78771100.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States, where English is spoken. English is also spoken in Great Britain.
John Cowper Powys was born in Shirley, Derbyshire and died in Blaenau Ffestiniog. He is the author of A Glastonbury Romance.
Sara Miller McCune is the founder of SAGE Publications which publishes Administrative Science Quarterly which has the ISSN number 0001-8392.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. and Native Americans are an ethnic group.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups. The book is written in English.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where the capital city is Washington DC and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States where the leader is called the President and African Americans are an ethnic group.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where the leader is called the President and Native Americans are an ethnic group.
Aarhus Airport is operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A/S and is 25 metres above sea level. The runway name is 10L/28R and it is 2776.0 in length.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the cities of Lake Placid and Saranac Lake, New York. It is 507 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2003.0.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas. It is operated by ENAIRE. The runway name is 18L/36R and it has a length of 3500.
Agra Airport is located in India and is operated by the Indian Air Force. Its IATA location identifier is AGR and its ICAO location identifier is VIAG.
The Airports Authority of India is the operating organisation for Agra Airport which is located in Agra and has the IATA location identifier of AGR and the ICAO location identifier of VIAG.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in Iraq. The airbase has a runway length of 3990.0 and a runway name of 08/26.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in Al Anbar Province, Iraq. The runway name is 09R/27L and it has a length of 3990.0.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who fought in the Invasion of Grenada. The Lockheed AC-130 is an attack aircraft and the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle is an aircraft fighter.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan and serves the city of Lahore. It is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority and has a runway length of 2900.0.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam and is -3.3528 above sea level. The runway name is 09/27 Buitenveldertbaan and is 2014.0 long.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam and is -3.3528 above sea level. The runway name is 18L/36R 'Aalsmeerbaan' and is 2014.0 in length.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas and serves the city of Andrews. It is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 929.0.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. Austin is the capital of Texas, where the inhabitants are known as Tejano.
Angola International Airport is located in Icolo e Bengo, Luanda Province, Angola and serves the city of Luanda.
Antwerp International Airport is owned by the Flemish Region and operated by the Flemish department of mobility and public works. It serves the city of Antwerp and is 12 metres above sea level.
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens in Greece. Prokopis Pavlopoulos and Alexis Tsipras are leaders in the country.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States and serves the city of Atlantic City which is led by Don Guardian.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States and is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey whose headquarters are at the Four World Trade Center.
Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey and is 23 metres above sea level. It has a runway length of 1873 and a runway name of 4/22.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium. Philippe of Belgium is the leader of Belgium where Dutch is spoken.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas. It is operated by ENAIRE which is located in Madrid, Spain.
Infraero is located in Brasilia and operates Afonso Pena International Airport which is 911 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1800.0.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq. Haider al-Abadi is the leader of Iraq where the language spoken is Arabic.
Anwar Zaheer Jamali is the leader of Pakistan where Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab and serves the city of Lahore.
Malik Muhammad Rafique Rajwana is the leader of Punjab, Pakistan, where Allama Iqbal International Airport serves the city of Lahore.
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made of Poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and is in the order of Poales and Commelinids.
Aaron Turner is a singer who performs electroacoustic music. He is a member of the bands Isis and Sumac.
Aaron Turner plays electric guitar in the Sumac band and his musical genre is black metal. Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal.
Solo singer Ace Wilder was born in Sweden on July 23, 1982.
Solo singer Ace Wilder was born in Stockholm in 1982 and is a songwriter.
Ace Wilder was born in Sweden in 1982. He is a songwriter with a background as a solo singer.
Ahmet Ertegun is a rhythm and blues artist from Washington D.C., United States. He has a background as a non performing personnel.
Ahmet Ertegun is a rock and roll musician from the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. Rock and roll originated from blues music.
Albennie Jones played rhythm and blues music and ended his career in 1950. Disco is a derivative of rhythm and blues which originated from blues music.
Albennie Jones was born in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. His musical genre is jazz, which originated from blues music.
Aleksandra Kovac was born in the Socialist Republic of Serbia in 1972. She is a solo singer and performs rhythm and blues music.
Acoustic musician Alex Day, who started performing in 2006, plays with the band Chameleon Circuit and is associated with the musical artist Charlie McDonnell.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, England in 1872 and died in London.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay. Montevideo is led by the politician Daniel Martinez. Uruguayans are the people of Uruguay.
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Uruguay and is a Candombe performer with a background as a solo singer. His record label is RCA Records.
Alison O'Donnell started performing folk music in 1963 and is associated with Bajik and the Flibbertigibbet band.
Jazz musician Alison O'Donnell is signed with London based Deram Records and Floating World Records.
Allen Forrest was born in Fort Campbell in 1981. He is an acoustic solo singer.
Allen Forrest was born in 1981 in Fort Campbell, KY and was raised in Dothan, AL. He is a solo singer who performs hip hop music.
Alternative rock musician Andrew White is associated with the musical artist Marry Banilow. Alternative rock has its stylistic origins in Punk rock and is a musical fusion of Nu metal.
Anders Osborne is signed to the record labels Shanachie Records and Alligator Records. Alligator Records are located in Chicago and specialize in the Blues.
Andra is a solo singer who performs dance pop music. She was born in Romania.
Andra is a rhythm and blues singer. Funk and Disco are derivatives of rhythm and blues which originated from blues music.
Andrew Rayel is associated with the musical artists Jwaydan Moyine and Christian Burns. His genre is Trance music which originated from house music.
Alternative rock musician Andrew White began his career in 2003 and is associated with Marry Banilow and the band Kaiser Chiefs.
Andrew White started his musical career in 2003 and is associated with Marry Banilow and Kaiser Chiefs. He is signed to the now defunct Universal Records label.
Al Anderson plays with the band NRBQ and was a member of The Wildweeds. His genre is country music which uses the banjo.
Allen Forrest performs hip hop music which has its origins in funk and disco. Drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music.
Aaron Turner played with the band Twilight and House of Low Culture. He performs post-metal music which uses the cello.
Electric guitarist Aaron Turner played with the band Twilight, whose musical genre is black metal. Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal.
Albennie Jones was born in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. His musical genre is rhythm and blues, which originated from blues music.
American Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas and was selected by NASA in 1963. He spent 100305 minutes in space.
Alan Shepard was a crew member of NASA's Apollo 14 and was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy, which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and was a crew member of Apollo 8 along with Frank Borman. Chris Patten represented British Hong Kong.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He was a crew member of Apollo 11 and is now retired.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and was selected by NASA in 1963. He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11.
Buzz Aldrin was born Edwin Eugene Aldrin Jr. and was a crew member of Apollo 11 operated by NASA. He received 20 awards.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy, which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
Alan Shepard was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy, which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal. He died in California, where Dianne Feinstein is a senator.
Elliot See was an American born in Dallas. He attended the University of Texas at Austin and died in St. Louis.
William Anders served as a fighter pilot and was selected by NASA in 1963 to be part of the Apollo 8 crew.
Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen II who play in the 3. Liga and are managed by Alexander Nouri.
Abel Hernandez played youth football for Penarol, managed by Jorge Orosman da Silva. He later played for Central Espanol and U.S. Città di Palermo.
Adam McQuaid, who weighs 94.8024 kilograms, was born on Prince Edward Island on 12 October 1986.
Akeem Ayers was born on 10th July 1989 and made his debut for the Tennessee Titans. He used to play for the St. Louis Rams.
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia on 27 September 1987. He made his debut for the Atlanta Falcons and later played for the Houston Texans.
Alaa Abdul Zahra's club is AL Kharaitiyat SC which is managed by Amar Osim and has its ground at Al Khor. He also plays for Al-Zawra'a SC.
Alaa Abdul Zahra's club is AL Kharaitiyat SC which is managed by Amar Osim and has its ground at Al Khor. He plays for the Iraq national under 23 football team.
Alan Martin was born on 1 January 1989 and is 185.42 cm tall. He played for the Scotland national under 21 football team and currently for Crewe Alexandra FC.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 24 February 1989 and is 185 cm tall. He plays for FC Dynamo Moscow and FC Kuban Krasnodar.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 24 February 1989 and is 185 cm tall. He plays for FC Spartak Moscow and FC Rubin Kazan.
Aleksandre Guruli was born in Batumi and is 178 cm tall. He plays for FC Karpaty Lviv and FC Zestafoni.
Alex Plante, who plays for Anyang Halla, was born in Canada on May 9th 1989.
Alex Plante was born in 1989 in Canada and is 1.9304m tall. He plays for the club Anyang Halla.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada, where Elizabeth II is the leader, Inuktitut is spoken and the national anthem is O Canada.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada, where the leader is Elizabeth II and the national anthem is O Canada. Asian Canadians are an ethnic group in Canada.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar and FC Terek Grozny. Rashid Rakhimov is the manager of FC Terek Grozny, the ground of which, is located in Grozny.
Akeem Dent debuted with the Atlanta Falcons and used to play for the Houston Texans who are based in the city of Houston, Texas.
Abel Hernández played youth football for Penarol in the Uruguayan Primera División. He now plays for Hull City AFC which is managed by Steve Bruce.
103 Colmore Row is located in Birmingham and was started in 1973. It has 23 floors and was completed in 1976.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, the capital of which is Cape Town. Coloured people and Asian South Africans are ethnic groups in South Africa.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States. The governing body of Cleveland is Cleveland City Council.
250 Delaware Avenue, Buffalo, New York, has 12 floors, a floor area of 30843.8 square metres and cost 110 million dollars.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, Cook County, Illinois, United States. Rahm Emanuel is the leader of Chicago.
300 North LaSalle is located in Illinois and was completed in 2009. It has 60 floors and a floor area of 120770.0 square metres.
3Arena is located in Dublin, Leinster, Republic of Ireland and is owned by Live Nation Entertainment.
Marriott International is a tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen which has 23 floors and was designed by the architects of 3XN.
Adare Manor is located in Adare, County Limerick which is part of Munster and is governed by Limerick City and County Council.
The Brazilians are an ethnic group in Japan where the Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita, which is part of Akita Prefecture, Japan. One of the ethnic groups in Japan are the Filipinos.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan. Vietnamese people are an ethnic group in Japan.
The Brazilians are an ethnic group in Japan which is the location of the Akita Museum of Art in Akita, Akita Prefecture.
The College of William and Mary is the owner of Alan B. Miller Hall which was completed on 1 June 2009 and is located at 101 Ukrop Way, Williamsburg, Virginia.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India. Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders in India.
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located in Pacific Grove, California and was constructed in 1913. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February the 27nd 1987 with the reference number 87000823.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in Avenue A, Manhattan and was constructed in 1904. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980 with the reference number 80002709.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, which is led by Cyrus Vance Jr. Manhattan and Brooklyn are part of New York City.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, Manhattan, United States. Gale Brewer is the leader of Manhattan.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin, who was born in Birmingham, which has the B postcode and is led by Andrew Mitchell.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin, who was born in Birmingham, which has the B postcode and is led by the Labour Party (UK).
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India. The leader of Gujarat is Anandiben Patel and the leader of India is Sumitra Mahajan.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India. T S Thakur and Narendra Modi are leaders in India.
The Brazilians are an ethnic group in Japan which is the location of the Akita Museum of Art in Akita, Akita Prefecture.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom which is led by Elizabeth II and the Parliament of the United Kingdom. London is the capital of the UK.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where English is the language spoken and Joe Biden is a leader. The leader of the United States is called the President of the United States.
The epoch of (19255) 1994 VK8 is on 31 December 2006. It has an orbital period of.0, a periapsis of.0 and an apoapsis of.0 kilometres.
The epoch of 1000 Piazzia is 2015-06-27. It has an orbital period of 488160.0, a periapsis of.0 and an escape velocity of 0.0252 km per sec.
Walter Baade, born in the German Empire, discovered 1036 Ganymed. His alma mater was the University of Gottingen and he had Allan Sandage as a doctoral student.
Halton Arp was a doctoral student of Walter Baade, who discovered 1036 Ganymed. He studied at the University of Gottingen and died in West Germany.
James Craig Watson, who discovered 103 Hera, studied at the University of Michigan and died of peritonitis in Madison, Wisconsin.
James Craig Watson, a Canadian, discovered 103 Hera, which has an apoapsis of.0 kilometres. He died in Madison, Wisconsin.
N.R. Pogson was born in Nottingham and died in Chennai. He discovered 107 Camilla which has a periapsis of.0 kilometres.
1089 Tama, formerly known as A894 VA; A904 VD, has an orbital period of 1202.846 days and a periapsis of.0. Its epoch date is 2005-11-26.
1089 Tama has an escape velocity of 0.0068 kilometres per second, an orbital period of 1202.846 days and its epoch date was on 26 November 2005. Its apoapsis is.0 kilometres.
1097 Vicia has an epoch date of December 31st 2006, a mass of 9.8 kgs, an orbital period of.0 and an apoapsis of.0 km.
109 Felicitas has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 and an escape velocity of 0.0473 km per sec. It has an orbital period of.0 and a periapsis of.0.
10 Hygiea, formerly known as A900 GA, has an orbital period of 5.57 days and a periapsis of.0. Its epoch date is 2015-06-27.
The epoch date of 1101 Clematis is 31 December 2006. It has an escape velocity of 0.02 km per sec, an orbital period of.0 and an apoapsis of.0 kilometres.
The epoch of 1101 Clematis, formerly known as 1928 SJ, is on 31 December 2006. It has an orbital period of.0 and a periapsis of.0.
1101 Clematis has an escape velocity of 0.02 km per sec, an orbital period of.0 and a periapsis of.0. Its epoch date is 31 December 2006.
Albany is part of the state of Georgia in the U.S. English is spoken in the U.S. and Native Americans are an ethnic group.
Alpharetta is part of Fulton County in Georgia, United States. Atlanta is the county seat of Fulton County, Georgia.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington, D.C. and African Americans are an ethnic group there.
Anaheim, California is led by the California State Assembly located in the California State Capitol. Spanish is spoken in California.
Angola is part of Indiana, in the United States, where Americans live and where Native Americans are an ethnic group.
The Mayor is the leader of Atlantic City, New Jersey, which has a total area of 44.125 square kilometres and a population density of 1421.2 inhabitants per square kilometre. The area code for Atlantic City is 609.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama, in the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama, in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Auburn is part of Lee County in Alabama, United States. Opelika is the county seat of Lee County.
Auburn is part of King County, Washington in the U.S. Washington, D.C. is the capital of the U.S.
Austin is part of Williamson County in Texas where Houston is the largest city. Georgetown is the county seat of Williamson County.
Austin is part of Hays County in Texas where Houston is the largest city. San Marcos is the county seat of Hays County.
Anderson is part of Adams Fall Creek, Lafayette, Richland, Union, Indiana, United States. Indianapolis is the capital of Indiana.
Anderson is part of Lafayette Township, Madison County, Indiana in the United States. Indianapolis is the capital of Indiana.
Arlington is part of the state of Texas in the United States. Houston is the largest city in Texas and English is spoken there.
Albany is part of Benton County, Oregon in the U.S. Washington, D.C. is the capital of the U.S. and African Americans are an ethnic group there.
Atlantic City is part of New Jersey, in the United States, where the capital is Washington DC and the largest city is New York City.
African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States, where Americans live. The country is the location of Angola, Indiana.
Angola is part of Steuben County, Indiana, in the United States, where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups, and where Americans live.
Albany is part of Linn County, Oregon in the U.S. The capital of the U.S. is Washington, D.C. and Asian Americans are an ethnic group there.
Akron, Summit County, Ohio is located in the United States, where English is spoken and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama, in the United States, where Native Americans are an ethnic group.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama, in the United States, where Native Americans are an ethnic group.
Albuquerque is part of New Mexico, in the United States, where English is spoken and the leader is called the President.
Angola, Indiana is part of the United States where English is spoken and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Angola is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, Indiana, in the United States, where English is spoken and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Akron, Summit County, Ohio is in the United States where English is spoken and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Rona Fairhead is a key person at the BBC which is located in Broadcasting House in London. The BBC broadcast Bananaman and produces BBC radio.
Bananaman was created by Steve Bright and starred Jill Shilling. It was broadcast by STV and first aired on 3 October 1983.
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 which stars Ryan Potter. Baymax was created by the American, Duncan Rouleau.
The comic character Bolt, also known as Larry Bolatinsky, was created by Gary Cohn and Ernie Colon, a Puerto Rican national.
Tomatoes, guanciale, cheese and olive oil are the main ingredients of Amatriciana sauce which comes from the Lazio region of Italy.
Arrabbiata sauce can be found in Italy, where Rome is the capital and where Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella are leaders.
Arros negre is a traditional dish from the Catalonia region of Spain. The main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers.
Arros negre is a traditional dish from the Catalonia region of Spain. The main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers.
Arros negre is a traditional dish from the Catalonia region of Spain, where Spaniards are an ethnic group. The Parliament of Catalonia is the leader of Catalonia.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia and Sumatra. Batak is an ethnic group in Sumatra.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia and Sumatra. Malays and Minangkabau people are ethnic groups in Sumatra.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. Washington D.C. is the capital of the United States.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where John Roberts is a leader and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. Washington D.C. is the capital of the United States.
Ketchup is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is popular in the UK. A variation of the bacon sandwich is the BLT which is a variation of the club sandwich.
The main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon and a condiment, often ketchup or brown sauce. The sandwich originates from the United Kingdom and can also be known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin.
Baked Alaska is a dessert found in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. A cookie is also a dessert.
Meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding are the main ingredients of Baked Alaska. The dish comes from the United States and is popular in Paris, New York and Hong Kong.
Meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding are the main ingredients of Baked Alaska which originates from France, the United States or China and is popular in Hong Kong.
Meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding are the main ingredients of Baked Alaska. The dish originates from the United States and is popular in Hong Kong.
Fruit preserves are an ingredient of Bakewell tart which is a variation of Bakewell pudding. The pudding comes from the Derbyshire Dales region of Derbyshire.
Ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables, and fried shallots are the main ingredients of Bakso which is popular nationwide in Indonesia and also in neighbouring Southeast Asian countries.
Ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables, and fried shallots are the main ingredients of Bakso, a dish from Indonesia.
The main ingredients of Bandeja paisa are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon. The dish comes from the Paisa region and is part of Colombian cuisine.
Bandeja paisa is a traditional Colombian dish from the Paisa region. The main ingredients are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon.
Barny cakes can be found in France where French is spoken and the leaders are Gerard Larcher and Francois Hollande.
Batagor is a variation of Siomay and Shumai, both of which contain shiitake mushrooms. Batagor comes from Indonesia.
Batchoy is a soup dish from the Philippines. The main ingredients are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of Beef kway teow which is popular nationwide in Singapore and Indonesia.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Indonesia and Singapore. Standard Chinese is spoken in Singapore where Tony Tan is a leader.
Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of Beef kway teow. The dish comes from Singapore and Indonesia.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore and Indonesia. The main ingredients are kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
Bhajji originates from India where the currency is the rupee and the leaders are Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan.
Bhajji, also known as Bhaji or bajji, originates from the Karnataka region. The main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables.
Sandesh (confectionery) and Binignit are both desserts. The latter dish contains sweet potato and banana.
Sandesh (confectionery) and Binignit are both desserts. The latter dish contains sweet potato and banana.
Granola is an ingredient in Bionico which is a dessert from the Guadalajara region of Mexico.
Bionico is a food found in Guadalajara, Mexico. The main ingredients are chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins.
Bionico is a food found in the Jalisco region of Mexico. The main ingredients are chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins.
Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of Mexico where Bionico is a dessert. Honey can be added to Bionico.
Pietro Grasso and Matteo Renzi are leaders in Italy, where Rome is the capital and Amatriciana sauce can be found.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore, where English is spoken. It is also found in Java, where the Javanese people are an ethnic group.
Binignit is a dessert found in the Philippines, where Philippine English is spoken. Sandesh (confectionery) is also a dessert.
Ajoblanco is from Andalusia, Spain, where Susana Diaz is the leader. Felipe VI of Spain is the leader of Spain.
The AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft and is owned by Costa Crociere. It is operated by Rostock based AIDA Cruises.
The ALCO RS-3 was built by the American Locomotive Company between May 1950 and August 1956. It has a V12 engine and a diesel-electric transmission.
The ALCO RS-3 is 17068.8 millimetres long and was built by the American Locomotive Company which was founded in Schenectady, New York, in the United States.
The ALCO RS-3 was built by the Montreal Locomotive Works between May 1950 and August 1956. It has a V12 engine and a diesel-electric transmission.
The ALCO RS-3 has 12 cylinders, a four-stroke engine and was produced between May 1950 and August 1956 by the Montreal Locomotive Works.
The AMC Matador, also known as American Motors Matador, is a station wagon with an AMC V8 engine and is assembled in Mexico City.
The AMC Matador, also known as VAM Classic, is a mid-size car assembled in Kenosha, Wisconsin and has an AMC straight-6 engine.
The Acura TLX is a mid-size car assembled in Marysville, Ohio. It has front-wheel and all-wheel drive and a Honda K engine.
The Acura TLX is a luxury vehicle assembled at the Marysville Auto Plant. It has a V6 engine and a front engine design layout.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in Helsinki, Finland. Juha Sipila is the leader of Finland where the people are known as Finns.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built at the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard in Helsinki. It has a ship beam of 21.2 and is currently in service.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Italy and has a V6 engine. It is related to the Fiat Croma and the Saab 9000.
The Alhambra was launched on 31st May 1855 and was wrecked. It had a ship beam of 8.3m and was 63800.0 millimetres long.
The Alvis Speed 25 was manufactured by the Alvis Car and Engineering Company which was founded in Coventry and succeeded by the Rover Co. The Alvis Speed 25 has a petrol engine.
The Alvis Speed 25 has a straight-six engine and was manufactured by the Alvis Car and Engineering Company which was founded in Coventry and succeeded by the Rover Co.
The American submarine NR-1 was built by General Dynamics Electric Boat and launched on 25 January 1969. It has a ship beam of 3.8m and a top speed of 8.334 km/h.
The Antares rocket was manufactured at the Yuzhnoye Design Office and launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. Its maiden flight was on April 21, 2013 and its final flight was on October 28, 2014.
The Antares rocket was manufactured by the Yuzhnoye Design Office and launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. Its maiden flight was on April 21, 2013 and its final flight was on September 18, 2013.
London is the capital of the United Kingdom where the Aston Martin V8 is assembled. The Aston Martin Virage, manufactured by Aston Martin, succeeded the Aston Martin V8.
The Aston Martin Virage, manufactured by Aston Martin, succeeded the Aston Martin V8 which has a 5.3 litre engine and is related to the Aston Martin DBS.
The Atlas II is 3.04m in diameter and was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base and Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. Its final flight was on the 5th December 2002.
The Audi A1 is assembled by Audi Brussels and is classed as a supermini. It has a 1.2 litre engine and a front-engine, front-wheel-drive layout.
AIDAluna, owned by AIDA Cruises, is powered by a Caterpillar Inc. engine. Caterpillar Inc. was founded in California and is located in Illinois.
The AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft and operated by AIDA Cruises. It is owned by Costa Crociere who are located in Genoa.
The Antares rocket was launched at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. It is comparable with the Delta II which originates from the United States and was launched at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
The Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Italy, has a sedan body style and is related to the Fiat Croma and Opel Vectra.
The Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Milan, has a sedan body style and is related to the Fiat Croma and Opel Vectra.
The A-Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft in Rostock, Germany. Stanislaw Tillich is a leader in Germany.
The Atlas II originates from the United States, where English is spoken and the capital is Washington D.C. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Atlas II originates from the United States, where the capital is Washington D.C. Americans live in the U.S., where African Americans are an ethnic group.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Pennsylvania, United States. It was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Baku, the capital of Azerbaijan, whose leader is Prime Minister Artur Rasizade.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial in Azerbaijan is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. The native name of the memorial is Turk Sehitleri Aniti. Baku is the capital of Azerbaijan.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established on 11 July 1907 and is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield in Frederick County, Maryland. Frederick is the nearest city to the battlefield.
Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey where the capital is Ankara and the Ataturk monument is located in Izmir. The monument is made of bronze.
Pietro Canonica designed the Ataturk Monument in Izmir, Turkey, which is led by the President of Turkey. The monument was inaugurated on 27 July 1932.
Ab Klink was born in the Netherlands and worked at the Ministry of Health, Welfare and Sport. His alma mater is Erasmus University Rotterdam which is affiliated to the Association of MBAs.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and lives in Sarawak. He represented Asajaya and is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who lives in Sarawak and belongs to the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu, was succeeded by Adenan Satem, who was born in the Japanese Occupation of British Borneo.
Abdulsalami Abubakar served in the Nigerian Army and was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President. Oladipo Diya preceded Mike Akhigbe and Atiku Abubakar succeeded him.
Abdulsalami Abubakar, who served in the Nigerian Air Force, was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President. Oladipo Diya was the predecessor of Mike Akhigbe and Al-Amin Daggash was his successor.
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia, Spain and was in office while Felipe Gonzalez was Prime Minister and Juan Carlos I of Spain was Monarch. Juan Carlos I of Spain's predecessor was Francisco Franco.
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia, Spain and is a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party. He worked as the Minister of Transport.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in New Britain, Connecticut, United States and is married to Casey Ribicoff. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent and graduated from Magdalene College in Cambridge. He began his career on 5th May 2005 and fought in the Gulf War.
Adam Koc, who died in New York City, fought in the Polish–Soviet War, which was part of the Russian Civil War. Joseph Stalin was a commander in the Polish–Soviet War.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece. He worked as the Vice President of New Democracy and was succeeded by Makis Voridis.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece and worked as a member of the Hellenic Parliament. He was succeeded by Makis Voridis.
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands, the leader of which, is Mark Rutte. Agnes Kant worked at the House of Representatives, which is led by Khadija Arib.
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands which is led by Mark Rutte. She is a member of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands which uses the colour red.
Agnes Kant was born in West Germany and lived in Doesburg. Her alma mater was Radboud University Nijmegen and she worked as a Member of the House of Representatives.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge, London and fought in World War II. He began his career on March 4th 1974 and ended it on 30th March 1979.
Albert B White was born on 22nd September 1856 and died on the 3rd July 1941.
Albert B White was born on 22nd September 1856 and died on the 3rd July 1941 in Parkersburg, West Virginia.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York, where French is spoken. He fought in the American Civil War, where Jefferson Davis was a commander.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island, New York City and died in Dona Ana County, New Mexico Territory.
Alberto Teisaire was from Argentina, where Spanish is spoken. He died in Buenos Aires, where the leader is Horacio Rodrguez Larreta.
Alberto Teisaire, a national of Argentina, was a member of the Justicialist Party and was in office while Juan Peron was president. Spanish is spoken in Argentina.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Connecticut and served in the United States Army. The US Army fought in the Whiskey Rebellion. He was the Mayor of Stamford, Connecticut.
Alfred N Phillips was born in Connecticut and was a member of the Democratic Party in the United States. He worked at the United States House of Representatives and was succeeded by Albert E Austin.
Allan Shivers served in the United States Army and began his career on January 21st 1947. He fought in World War II where Joseph Stalin was a commander.
Alvah Sabin was born on 23rd October 1793 and represented Vermont's 3rd Congressional District. Vermont's largest city is Burlington.
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia, Vermont and was a Baptist. He worked as the secretary of the State of Vermont and was succeeded by Homer Elihu Royce.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. He fought in the American Civil War, where Abraham Lincoln was a commander.
Albert B White was born in Cleveland, United States and was succeeded by William M O Dawson, who died in Charleston, West Virginia.
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina and was in office while Labour Party member Juan Peron was president. Isaac Rojas was the successor to Alberto Teisaire.
Jens Härtel has been the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg. He is in the SV Babelsberg 03 club and plays for 1. FC Union Berlin and FSV Zwickau.
Italian born Rolando Maran manages AC Chievo Verona and plays for F.C. Bari 1908. He also plays for Carrarese Calcio.
Michele Marcolini was born in Italy and plays for Torino F.C. and A.C. Chievo Verona. He is the manager of AC Lumezzane.
Antonis Milionis is the chairman of A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis which has 1500 members and is in the A EPSTH 2nd GROUP league. Their ground is located in Efxeinoupoli.
The Conservative Party (UK) is the leader of Blackpool where AFC Blackpool is located. The club is managed by Stuart Parker who plays for Stockport County FC.
Gordon Marsden is the leader of Blackpool where AFC Blackpool is located. The club is managed by Stuart Parker who plays for Stockport County FC.
The full name of A.F.C. Fylde is "Association Football Club Fylde" and they have 3180 members. Their ground is in Warton, Fylde, Lancashire and they played in the 2014 season.
Association Football Club Fylde (abbreviated to A.F.C. Fylde) played in the 2014 season and has 3180 members. Their ground is Bryning Lane.
Paulo Sousa is the manager of ACF Fiorentina. He plays for Juventus F.C., Maccabi Tel Aviv F.C. and Inter Milan.
AEK Athens F.C. play in the Superleague Greece and have 69618 members. Their ground is located in Greece and they played in the 2014 season.
Jong Ajax is a tenant of Sportpark De Toekomst which is owned by AFC Ajax N.V. and operated by AFC Ajax (amateurs).
The full name of AFC Ajax (amateurs) is "Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax Amateurs" and they have 5000 members. Their nickname is "Joden, Godenzonen" and they played in the 2014 season.
John van den Brom has been manager of AZ Alkmaar and plays for Vitesse Arnhem and AFC Ajax. He also plays for the Netherlands national football team.
Agremiaço Sportiva Arapiraquense play at the Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca ground in Alagoas. They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league, the champions of which are Vila Nova Futebol Clube.
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil. Their ground is the Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Alagoas.
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense play at the Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca ground in Arapiraca. They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league which is based in Brazil.
Akron Summit Assault's ground is St. Vincent-St. Mary High School in the city of Akron, Summit County, Ohio, United States.
Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella are leaders in Italy, where Rome is the capital and where the ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located.
Peter Stoger plays for SK Vorwarts Steyr, FC Admira Wacker Modling and FK Austria Wien. He also manages 1. FC Koln.
The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor, India was established in 2001. The Ganges is a river in India.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, India. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was given the 'Technical Campus' status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai. The Institute offers tennis which is governed by the International Tennis Federation.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Alba County, Romania. Bucharest is the capital of Romania.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark is run by a magistrate. The country's leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor, Kerala has 250 academic staff. Kerala's leader is Kochi.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania. Romania's capital is Bucharest, its anthem is Deșteaptă-te, române and its ethnic group is the Germans of Romania.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Romania. Romania's capital is Bucharest and its leader is Klaus Iohannis.
Eric Flint was born in Burbank, California and is the author of 1634: The Bavarian Crisis. It was preceded by Grantville Gazette III and DeMarce short stories in the Grantville Gazettes.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint, Virginia DeMarce, et al. and has 512 pages. It is available as an E book and has the ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0.
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom where the AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. The parent company of Lippincott Williams & Wilkins is Wolters Kluwer.
A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by J.V. Jones and is available in hardcover. It has the OCLC number 51969173 and the ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6.
A Loyal Character Dancer was written by Qiu Xiaolong and is available in hardcover. It has the OCLC number 49805501 and the ISBN number 1-56947-301-3.
A Loyal Character Dancer is written in English, the language spoken in Great Britain. The book originates from the United States, where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States where English is spoken and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Diane Duane is the author of A Wizard of Mars which is available in hardcover and has 560 pages. The ISBN number is 978-0-15-204770-2.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica (abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar.) comes under the academic discipline of Mathematics. It has the LCCN number 83646315 and the ISSN number 0236-5294.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica (abbreviated to Acta Palaeontol. Pol.) comes under the academic discipline of paleobiology. It has the LCCN number 60040714 and the ISSN number 0567-7920.
The Polish Academy of Sciences is the publisher of Acta Palaeontologica Polonica which is abbreviated to Acta Palaeontol. Pol. The ISSN number is 1732-2421 and the LCCN number is 60040714.
Cornell University in New York is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land-grant Universities and the Association of American Universities and is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly.
Cornell University in Ithaca, New York is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land-grant Universities and is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly.
Aenir was written by Garth Nix and has 233 pages. It is available in paperback and has the ISBN number 0-439-17684-0.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English, the language spoken in Great Britain. It originates from the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group.
The American Journal of Mathematics was first published in 1878 and is published by the Johns Hopkins University Press in the United States. Johns Hopkins University is the parent company of the Johns Hopkins University Press.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States where English is spoken (as in Great Britain). Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader. The book is written in English which is also spoken in Great Britain.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups. The book is published in English.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and English is spoken (as in Great Britain).
A Severed Wasp originates from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and the language is English. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Margrethe II is the leader of Denmark where the Faroese language is spoken. The country is the location of Aarhus airport in Tirstrup, part of the Central Denmark region.
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene in Texas and is 546 metres above sea level. Its ICAO location identifier is KABI and the runway name is 17L/35R. The runway length is 2194.0.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas. It is operated by ENAIRE and is 610 metres above sea level. The runway name is 14L/32R and it has a length of 4100.0.
Agra Airport is located in India and is operated by the Indian Air Force. It is 167.94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1818. The ICAO Location Identifier of Agra Airport is VIAG.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in Iraq. The ICAO location identifier of Al Asad airbase is ORAA. The runway name is 08/26 and it has a length of 3990.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase which is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq. The ICAO Location Identifier of Al Asad Airbase is ORAA and the runway name is 08/26. It has a length of 3992.88.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase. The Lockheed AC-130 is an attack aircraft, the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III is a transport aircraft and the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon is an aircraft fighter. The United States Air Force was involved in the bombing of Libya in 1986.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who fought in the Invasion of Grenada and Operation Enduring Freedom. They deploy the Lockheed AC-130 attack aircraft and the Lockheed C-130 Hercules transport aircraft.
Alderney is served by Alderney airport which is 88 metres above sea level. The 1st runway at Alderney airport is made of poaceae and has a length of 733.0. The runway name at Alderney airport is 08/26.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan and serves the city of Lahore. It is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. The runway name is 18L/36R and it has a length of 3310.0.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan and serves the city of Lahore. It is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. The runway name is 18R/36L and it has a length of 2900.0.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan, United States. It is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533.0.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan and serves the city of Alpena. The airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533.0 and a runway name of 7/25.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan and serves the city of Alpena. The airport is 210 metres above sea level, has a runway length of 2744.0 and a runway name of 1/19.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan, United States. It is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533.0. The airport serves the city of Alpena.
Angola International Airport is located in Icolo e Bengo and serves Luanda. It is 159 metres above sea level, has a runway length of 3800.0 and a runway named 05L/23R.
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens in Greece. Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis are leaders in Greece where the language is Greek.
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens in Greece. The leaders of Greece are Alexis Tsipras and Prokopis Pavlopoulos and the language spoken is Greek.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States and serves Atlantic City, New Jersey. The leader of Atlantic City, New Jersey is Don Guardian.
Atlantic City International Airport has the ICAO location identifier of KACY and is located in Egg Harbor Township, Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States and is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey whose headquarters are at the Four World Trade Center.
Ram Naik is the leader of Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh and is the location of Agra Airport. The airport is operated by the Indian Air Force who deploy the HAL Light Combat Helicopter.
Ram Naik is the leader of Uttar Pradesh which is part of Bundelkhand and is the location of Agra Airport. The airport is operated by the Indian Air Force who deploy the HAL Light Combat Helicopter.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas and is operated by ENAIRE in Madrid, Spain.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the cities of Lake Placid and Saranac Lake, New York, United States. Saranac Lake is part of Harrietstown, New York.
Aaron Turner is a Black metal musician from the United States. He started performing in 1995 and has played with the Lotus Eaters band and Old Man Gloom.
Abradab was born in Katowice, Poland on November 12th 1978. He is associated with the rapper Magik and the band Kaliber 44.
Ace Wilder was born in Stockholm on July 23, 1982. He is a songwriter with a background as a solo singer.
Ace Wilder performs hip hop music which has its origins in Funk and Disco. Drum and bass is a derivative of Hip hop music which has a sub genre called Gangsta rap.
Ace Wilder was born in Sweden and his musical genre is hip hop music. Hip hop music has its origins in funk and disco and Drum and bass is a derivative of Hip hop music.
Born in Windsor, Connecticut, Al Anderson plays with the rock band NRBQ and was a member of The Wildweeds. He began his career in 1966.
Al Anderson plays the guitar for the rock band NRBQ. Rock music originated from country music and is the origin of bhangra music.
Aleksandra Kovac was born in the Socialist Republic of Serbia in 1972. She is a solo singer who performs pop music. Disco music is a fusion genre of pop music.
Aleksandra Kovac is a rhythm and blues solo singer who became active in 1990. He is a member of the K2 (Kova sisters duo) and is associated with Kornelije Kovac.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in 1872 in Manchester, England, United Kingdom. He died in London.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester and died in Sidcup, London. London is led by Boris Johnson and the European Parliament.
Alison O'Donnell started performing folk music of Ireland in 1963 and was a member of the bands Flibbertigibbet and Mellow Candle. She is signed to the record label Floating World Records.
Alison O'Donnell plays jazz music and is signed to Stanyan Records and London based Deram Records. Funk is a derivative of Jazz.
Alison O'Donnell plays the autoharp and performs jazz music. Funk is a derivative of jazz and Afrobeat is a fusion genre. Jazz music originated from folk music.
Alison O'Donnell is a jazz musician who uses her voice, bodhran, percussion and autoharp. Jazz has its stylistic origins in the Blues and Funk is a derivative of Jazz. Afrobeat is a fusion genre of Jazz.
Allen Forrest was born in 1981 in Fort Campbell, Dothan, Alabama. He is an acoustic solo singer.
Rock musician Anders Osborne began his career in 1989 and is associated with Billy Iuso, Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars and Galactic.
Blues musician Anders Osborne began his career in 1989. He is associated with Tab Benoit, Billy Iuso and the band Galactic.
Andra was born in 1986 in Campia Turzii. She is a solo singer and reality tv judge. Her musical genre is dance pop.
Trance musician Andrew Rayel is associated with the following musical artists: Armin van Buuren, Bobina, Mark Sixma, Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano, Alexandre Bergheau, Jonny Rose, Sylvia Tosun, Lira Yin and Alexandra Badoi. Trance originates from pop music.
Trance musician Andrew Rayel was born in Chisinau, Moldova and began his career in 2009. He is associated with musicians Jwaydan Moyine and Bobina.
Andrew Rayel plays the string instrument and performs trance music. He is associated with Christian Burns and Jwaydan Moyine, who is associated with John Digweed.
Allen Forrest was born in Fort Campbell and performs hip hop music. Hip hop music has its origins in disco and funk and Drum and bass is a derivative of Hip hop music.
Allen Forrest was born in 1981 and performs hip hop music. Hip hop music has its origins in disco and funk and Drum and bass is a derivative of Hip hop music.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester and died in Sidcup, London. The Parliament of the United Kingdom is the leader of London and the Labour Party is the leader of Manchester.
Andrew White is an alternative rock musician signed to B-Unique Records and London based Polydor Records. Nu metal is a music fusion genre of alternative rock.
Andrew White is an alternative rock musician signed to the now defunct Universal Records. He is signed to London based Polydor Records. Nu metal is a music fusion genre of alternative rock.
Al Anderson plays rock music with the band NRBQ. Rock music originated from country music which uses the banjo. Bhangra music is a fusion of rock music.
Electric guitarist Aaron Turner played with the band Twilight and Old Man Gloom. Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal.
Alan Bean is an American test pilot who was born in Wheeler, Texas. He was selected by NASA in 1963 and is now retired.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and was a crew member of NASA's Apollo 14. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the US Navy which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
American William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and served as a crew member of NASA's Apollo 8. Frank Borman was the commander of Apollo 8.
American Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on January 20th, 1930. He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11.
American Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and served as a fighter pilot and crew member of NASA's Apollo 11.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11. He is now retired.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and is now retired. He was a crew member of NASA's Apollo 11 along with backup pilot William Anders.
Buzz Aldrin was born on January 20th, 1930 and is now retired. He was a crew member of NASA's Apollo 11 along with William Anders as backup pilot.
Alan Shepard was a crew member of Apollo 14 operated by NASA. He died in California, where Dianne Feinstein is a senator. Benitoite is a gemstone found in California.
Alan Shepard was an American who was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
William Anders was an American fighter pilot who was born in British Hong Kong. He was a crew member of Apollo 8 and retired on September 1st 1969.
Abel Hernandez played youth football for Penarol and U.S. Città di Palermo. His club is Central Espanol who play in the Uruguayan Segunda División. Jorge Orosman da Silva is the manager of Penarol.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv who are managed by Oleh Luzhny. Aleksandre Guruli also plays for Olympique Lyonnais who play their home games at the Parc Olympique Lyonnais. The chairman of Olympique Lyonnais is Jean-Michel Aulas.
Alessio Romagnoli is a defender for the club U.C. Sampdoria. He also plays for A.C. Milan who play in Serie A and are managed by Sinisa Mihajlovic.
Abel Hernandez played youth football for Central Espanol in the Uruguayan Segunda División. He now plays for the Uruguay national football team and the club U.S. Città di Palermo which is managed by Giuseppe Iachini.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Amkar Perm which is managed by Gadzhi Gadzhiyev. He also plays for FC Spartak Moscow whose ground is the Otkrytiye Arena and whose chairman is Sergey Rodionov.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Terek Grozny in Grozny. Rashid Rakhimov is the manager of FC Terek Grozny, the ground of which, is located in Grozny. The chairman of FC Spartak Moscow is Sergey Rodionov.
Aleksandr Chumakov, who was born in the Soviet Union, played for FC Torpedo Moscow, which is managed by Valery Petrakov, in the 2014-15 Russian Premier League. He also played for the Soviet Union national football team.
Akeem Adams plays for United Petrotrin F.C. whose ground is Palo Seco Velodrome. He also plays for Ferencvarosi TC which is chaired by Gabor Kubatov and managed by Thomas Doll.
200 Public Square was completed in 1985 in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo, New York and has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843.8 square metres. Its architectural style is Postmodern and construction began in January 2014.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, Illinois, U.S. Rahm Emanuel is the leader of Chicago. Springfield is the capital of Illinois.
Margrethe II of Denmark is the leader of Denmark where the Faroese language is spoken. The country is the location of the AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen which is tenanted by Marriott International which was founded in Washington DC.
Bill Marriott is a key person at Marriott International which was founded in Washington DC and is the current tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen, Denmark. The Greenlandic language is spoken in Denmark.
Marriott International was founded in Washington DC and is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, Denmark. The leader of Denmark is Lars Lokke Rasmussen and the Greenlandic language is spoken.
Adare Manor is located in the Republic of Ireland where the leader is Enda Kenny. It was designed by the architect Augustus Pugin who was born in Bloomsbury and designed the Palace of Westminster.
Addis Ababa City Hall was started in 1961 and completed in 1964. It has a floor area of 140000.0 square metres and a height of 42 metres. The current tenants are the Government of Addis Ababa.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan. It has 3 floors and is located at 1-4-2 Nakadori.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita, which is part of Akita Prefecture, Japan. The leader of Japan is Tar As and one of the ethnic groups in Japan are the Chinese people.
The College of William and Mary is the owner of Alan B. Miller Hall in Virginia, United States. The architect of the Hall is Robert A.M. Stern and the current tenants are the Mason School of Business.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. Gujarat's leader is the Gujarat Legislative Assembly. Sumitra Mahajan is a leader in India.
Ampara Hospital is located in Ampara District, Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. Austin Fernando is the leader of the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe.
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. The Eastern Provincial Council is the governing body of the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. The capital of Sri Lanka is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and the leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe.
Julia Morgan, born in San Francisco, designed the grounds of Asilomar Conference, the Los Angeles Herald Examiner building, Hearst Castle and Asilomar State Beach.
San Francisco born architect Julia Morgan designed the grounds of Asilomar Conference, the Riverside Art Museum, Hearst Castle and Asilomar State Beach.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, New Netherland, United States. Manhattan is led by Cyrus Vance Jr.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin who was born in Birmingham. The city has the B postcode and is led by Labour politician John Clancy and the Birmingham City Council.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, the capital of which is Washington D.C. The leader of the United States is known as the President of the United States, John Roberts and Barack Obama.
The epoch of (19255) 1994 VK8 is on 31 December 2006. It has a mass of 5.6 kgs, an orbital period of.0, a periapsis of.0 and an apoapsis of.0 km.
101 Helena was discovered by James Craig Watson, a Canadian, whose alma mater was the University of Michigan. He died of peritonitis in Madison, Wisconsin.
1036 Ganymed was discovered by Walter Baade, who was born in the German Empire and died in Gottingen. His alma mater was the University of Gottingen and his doctoral student was Allan Sandage.
Walter Baade, a German national, discovered 1036 Ganymed. He was born in the German Empire and studied at the University of Gottingen. Allan Sandage was a doctoral student of Walter Baade.
James Craig Watson, a Canadian, studied at the University of Michigan and discovered 103 Hera on 7 September 1868. He died in Madison, Wisconsin.
James Craig Watson, a Canadian, discovered 103 Hera, which has a periapsis of.0 kilometres. His alma mater was the University of Michigan and he died in Madison, Wisconsin.
Discovered by B. Zellner, 107 Camilla, has an orbital period of 2368.05 days, a periapsis of.0 kilometres, an apoapsis of.0 kilometres, and an epoch date of December 31st 2006.
Discovered by C Woods, 107 Camilla, has an orbital period of 2368.05 days, a periapsis of.0 kilometres, an apoapsis of.0 kilometres, and an epoch date of December 31st 2006.
N.R. Pogson was an English national who was born in Nottingham and died in Chennai. He discovered 107 Camilla which has an absolute magnitude of 7.08.
The epoch date of 1101 Clematis is 31 December 2006. It has an escape velocity of 0.02 km per sec, an orbital period of.0 and an apoapsis of.0 kilometres. It has a mass of 5.7 kg.
11264 Claudiomaccone has an epoch date of November 26th 2005 and a temperature of 173.0 kelvins. It has an orbital period of 1513.722 days, a periapsis of.0 km and an apoapsis of.0 km.
Albany is part of the state of Georgia in the United States. The country where Americans live and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. The leader of the United States is called the President of the United States.
Alpharetta is part of Fulton County, Georgia in the U.S. Atlanta is the largest city in Fulton County. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas, United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington, D.C. and English is the language spoken.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas, United States. Austin is the capital of Texas, where English is spoken.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas, United States. Austin is the capital of Texas, where English is spoken.
Anderson is part of Fall Creek Township, Madison County, Indiana in the United States. It has a population density of 523.9 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 107.43 square kilometres.
Antioch is part of Contra Costa County, which is part of the San Francisco Bay area, in California. The 11th State Assembly District leads Antioch. English is spoken in California.
Atlanta is part of DeKalb County in Georgia. It has a total area of 347.1 square kilometres and a land area of 344.9 square kilometres. It has a population density of 1299.0 inhabitants per square kilometre and the area code is 404.
Attica is part of Logan Township, Fountain County, Indiana, United States. It has a total area of 4.14 square kilometres, is 166 above sea level and has a population density of 783.1 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington, D.C. and African Americans are an ethnic group there.
Auburn is part of Pierce County and King County in Washington, United States. It has a total area of 77.41 square kilometres and a population density of 914.8 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Austin is part of Williamson County in Texas, where English is spoken. Georgetown is the county seat of Williamson County, where Round Rock is the largest city.
Austin is part of Hays County in Texas where Houston is the largest city and English is spoken. San Marcos is the county seat of Hays County.
Austin is part of Hays County in Texas. San Marcos is the county seat of Hays County where Spanish is spoken. Houston is the largest city in Texas.
Alexandria is part of Madison County, Indiana in the U.S. Indianapolis is the capital of Indiana where English is spoken.
Arlington is part of Tarrant County in Texas. The county seat of Tarrant County is Fort Worth. Houston is the largest city in Texas where Spanish is spoken.
Arlington is part of Tarrant County in Texas, United States. Fort Worth is the largest city in Tarrant County, and Austin is the capital of Texas.
Atlantic City is part of New Jersey in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington, D.C. and the largest city is New York City. White Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.
Albany is part of Linn County, Oregon in the U.S. The capital of the U.S. is Washington, D.C. and Americans live there. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.
Albany is part of Oregon in the U.S. The capital of the U.S. is Washington, D.C. and Americans live there. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.
Angola is part of Steuben County, Indiana, in the United States, where English is spoken, African Americans are an ethnic group and Americans live.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington, D.C. and Native Americans are an ethnic group.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama in the United States. Opelika is the county seat of Lee County. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.
Atlantic City is part of New Jersey in the U.S. Trenton is the capital of New Jersey and Newark is the largest city. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.
Albuquerque, New Mexico, is in the United States, where English is spoken and the leader is President Barack Obama.
Angola is part of Steuben County, Indiana, in the United States, where English is the language spoken and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. Americans live in the U.S.
Barack Obama is the leader of the United States, where the capital is Washington DC and where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups. The country is the location of Akron, Summit County, Ohio.
Albany, Georgia is in the United States, where Americans live and African Americans are an ethnic group. The leader of the United States is called the President of the United States.
Baymax, a character in Big Hero 6, was created by Steven T. Seagle and the American, Duncan Rouleau. Alan Tudyk starred in the film.
Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia where the language is Indonesian and the currency is the Indonesian rupiah. Arem-arem is a food found nationwide in Indonesia, but is more specific to Java.
Asam pedas is a food found in Sumatra and the Malay Peninsula, Malaysia. The capital of Malaysia is Kuala Lumpur and the Malaysian Chinese and Malay are ethnic groups.
Asam pedas is a food found in the region of Sumatra and Malay Peninsula, Malaysia. The capital of Malaysia is Kuala Lumpur and the ethnic groups are the Malaysian Malay and Malaysian Indian.
Asam pedas is a food found in Sumatra and Malaysia. The capital of Malaysia is Kuala Lumpur and Malaysian Malay and Malaysian Indian are ethnic groups in Malaysia.
Asam pedas is a food found in the Malay Peninsula region of Malaysia. Abu Zahar Ujang is the leader of Malaysia, where the Malay and Malaysian Indian are ethnic groups.
Bacon Explosion is a dish from the Kansas City metropolitan area of the United States. Its main ingredients are bacon and sausage.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Paul Ryan is a leader, Washington D.C. is the capital and English is the language spoken. White Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.
The bacon sandwich is a variation of the BLT and comes from the United Kingdom. The main ingredients are bread and bacon and a condiment, often ketchup or brown sauce. Other names for a bacon sandwich are bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm and bacon muffin.
Baked Alaska is from France and Hong Kong. Manuel Valls and Gerard Larcher are leaders in France where the French language is spoken.
Bandeja paisa is a dish from the Antioquia Department region of Colombia. One of the ingredients in Bandeja paisa is lemon. Lemon belongs to the order Rosids and the family Rutaceae.
Barny cakes, made with sponge cake, are found in France, where French is spoken and the leaders are Gerard Larcher and Francois Hollande.
Batagor is a variation of Shumai and Siomay, both of which contain peanut sauce. Batagor is found in Indonesia, where the leader is Joko Widodo.
Batagor is a variation of Siomay which contains peanut sauce. Shumai is a variation of Siomay which contains peanut sauce. Batagor comes from Indonesia where the leader is Joko Widodo.
Tony Tan and Halimah Yacob are leaders in Singapore where Standard Chinese is spoken. Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore and Indonesia.
Bhajji originates from the Karnataka region of India. The leader of India is Sumitra Mahajan and the currency is the Indian rupee. Vajubhai Vala is the leader of Karnataka.
Binignit is a dessert from the Mindanao region of the Philippines. The main ingredients are sweet potato and banana.
Binignit is a dessert from the Visayas region of the Philippines. The main ingredients are sago and sweet potato.
Bionico is a dessert from the Jalisco region of Mexico. Its main ingredients are chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins.
Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of Mexico where the Spanish language is spoken. Bionico is a dessert dish that can be varied by using cottage cheese.
Bionico is a dessert found in Mexico, where the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo and the language spoken is Mexican Spanish. Cake is also a dessert.
Patrick McLoughlin is the leader of Derbyshire Dales in the County of Derbyshire. A variation of Bakewell pudding is Bakewell tart which contains fruit preserves.
Sergio Mattarella and Laura Boldrini are leaders in Italy where the capital is Rome and the people are known as Italians. Amatriciana sauce is a traditional Italian sauce.
Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella are leaders in Italy, where the capital is Rome and Italian is spoken. Amatriciana sauce is a traditional Italian sauce.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore, where Standard Chinese is spoken and Tony Tan is the leader. It is also found in Java, where the Baduy are an ethnic group.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Java where the Javanese people are an ethnic group. It is also found in Singapore where English is spoken and Tony Tan is the leader.
Bionico is a dessert from the Guadalajara region of Mexico. It is a variation of cake. The leader of Mexico is Silvano Aureoles Conejo.
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines, where Philippine English is the official language, Arabic is spoken and Zamboangans and Chinese Filipino are ethnic groups.
Ajoblanco is a food found in Andalusia, Spain. Susana Diaz is the leader of Andalusia and Spaniards are the ethnic group. Spanish is the language spoken in Spain.
The AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft and operated by AIDA Cruises located in Germany. It is owned by Costa Crociere whose parent company is Carnival Corporation & plc.
The ALCO RS-3 was built by the American Locomotive Company between May 1950 and August 1956. It is 17068.8 millimetres long, has 12 cylinders and a four-stroke engine.
The Star Spangled Banner is the national anthem of the United States, where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups. The country is the origin of the ALV X-1 and the inhabitants are known as Americans. Washington D.C. is the capital of the US.
The Alhambra was built by the Samuda Brothers and is powered by a Humphrys, Tennant and Dykes engine. It has an 8.3m ship beam and is owned by the London based P&O company.
The AMC Matador is manufactured by American Motors which was acquired by Chrysler. Roy D Chapin Jr was a key person at American Motors which was succeeded by Eagle. Wheel Horse is a subsidiary of American Motors.
The American submarine NR-1 was launched on January 25, 1969. It has a top speed of 8.334 km/h, a draft of 4.6m, a ship beam of 3.8m and is 45000.0 millimetres long.
The Antares rocket was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0, which is associated with the Minotaur IV rocket. The Antares rocket is comparable with the Delta II rocket, which originates from the United States.
The Antares rocket is manufactured by the Yuzhnoye Design Office and has a diameter of 3.9 metres. It was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 and had its maiden flight on 28 October 2014 and its final flight on 13 July 2014.
Arianespace is located in Courcouronnes and operates the ELA-3 which is located at the Guiana Space Centre in French Guiana. The Ariane 5 was launched from the ELA-3.
The Aston Martin V8 is assembled at Newport Pagnell and has a 5.3 litre engine. It is related to the Aston Martin DBS which was succeeded by the Aston Martin Vantage.
The Aston Martin V8 is assembled at Newport Pagnell and has a 5.3 litre engine. It is a coupe and is related to the Aston Martin DBS and the Aston Martin RHAM/1.
The Aston Martin V8, Aston Martin DBS and Aston Martin Virage are related means of transport. The Aston Martin V8 was assembled in the United Kingdom which is led by Elizabeth II. The Aston Martin Virage was manufactured by Aston Martin.
The Audi A1 is manufactured by Audi which was founded by August Horch. Ducati is a subsidiary of Audi and Lamborghini is a subsidiary. Audi e-tron is a division of Audi.
AIDAluna, owned by AIDA Cruises, is powered by Caterpillar Inc. Caterpillar Inc. was founded in California, United States and is located in Peoria, Illinois.
Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person at Caterpillar Inc. which was founded in the United States. The company powers the AIDAluna which is owned by Rostock based AIDA Cruises.
Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person at Caterpillar Inc. which was founded in the United States. The company is located in Peoria, Illinois and powers the AIDAluna which is owned by AIDA Cruises.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built at the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard in Finland. The country is led by Juha Sipila and its inhabitants are known as Finns. Sami languages are spoken in Finland.
The A-Rosa Luna was built on the Neptun Werft in Rostock, Germany. Andreas Voßkuhle is the leader of Germany and the capital is Berlin.
The Atlas II originates from the United States, where English is spoken, the capital is Washington D.C. and Native Americans are an ethnic group. The inhabitants of the United States are known as Americans.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located at Seminary Ridge, Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, United States. It was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing property. Adams County has Carroll County, Maryland to its southeast and Frederick County, Maryland to its southwest. Cumberland County, Pennsylvania is to the north of Adams County.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It is located in Baku, the capital of Azerbaijan, where the leader is Prime Minister Artur Rasizade.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It is located in Baku, the capital of Azerbaijan. The leader of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade and the legislature is the National Assembly.
The Atatürk Monument (zmir) is located in Turkey, where the capital is Ankara and the largest city is Istanbul. Ahmet Davutoglu is the President of Turkey.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri, Malaysia on 1936-05-21. He represented Asajaya and lives in Kuching. He is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu.
Abdulsalami Abubakar, who retired on 29 May 1999, was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President. Mike Akhigbe was a member of the Nigerian Navy and succeeded Oladipo Diya. Atiku Abubakar was his successor.
American Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in Connecticut and died in the U.S. He was a member of the Democratic Party in the U.S. and was the Governor of Connecticut.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was a national of the United States, where Native Americans are an ethnic group. He was born in Connecticut and died in New York. His wife was Casey Ribicoff.
Adam Holloway was born in Faversham Kent, England and began his career on 5th May 2005. He is a member of the Conservative Party in the UK and served in the Grenadier Guards. His alma mater is Magdalene College Cambridge.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece and was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister. Samaras was in office while Konstantinos Mitsotakis was Prime Minister. Makis Voridis succeeded Adonis Georgiadis.
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands which is led by Mark Rutte. She is a member of the Socialist Party and worked at the House of Representatives which is led by Khadija Arib.
Agnes Ward White was born in Marietta, Ohio and was married to Albert B. White. He was succeeded by William M.O. Dawson who was born in Bloomington, Maryland and died in Charleston, West Virginia.
Albert B. White was born in Cleveland and was married to Agnes Ward White. He was the Governor of West Virginia and ended his career on March 4th 1905 and was succeeded by William M.O. Dawson.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island, New York City and died on 1896-02-01 in Dona Ana County, New Mexico, United States.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island, New York City and died on 1896-02-01 in Dona Ana County, New Mexico Territory.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria-Hungary and died in Graz, Styria. He was a member of the Austrian People's Party.
Alfons Gorbach was born in the state of Tyrol in Austria and died in Graz, Styria. He was a member of the Austrian People's Party.
Alvah Sabin, who represented Vermont's 3rd Congressional District, started his career on March 4th 1853 and ended it on March 3rd 1857. Vermont's largest city is Burlington.
Alvah Sabin worked as the secretary of the State of Vermont and represented Vermont's 3rd Congressional District. He ended his career on 1857-03-03. Vermont's largest city is Burlington.
Alfred Moore Scales was from the United States, where Native Americans are an ethnic group. He fought in the Battle of Gettysburg, which was part of the American Civil War conflict. Jefferson Davis was a commander in the American Civil War.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria-Hungary and died in Styria. Doris Bures is the leader of Austria where the language is Austrian German.
Alberto Teisaire was a national of Argentina, where Spanish is spoken. Teisaire was in office while Juan Peron, who was married to Eva Peron, was President. Juan Peron was a member of the Labour Party in Argentina.
Michele Marcolini has been manager of AC Lumezzane in Italy where Pietro Grasso is a leader. He has also played for F.C. Bari 1908 and Vicenza Calcio.
AFC Blackpool's ground is in Blackpool where the leader is the Labour Party (UK). The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker who has played for Chesterfield FC and Stockport County FC.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where the leader is Sergio Mattarella and the language spoken is Italian. A.S. Gubbio 1910 play in Serie D, where the champions are S.S. Robur Siena.
The Olympic Stadium (Athens) is located in Marousi and is the home ground of AEK Athens FC. The manager of AEK Athens F.C. is Gus Poyet, who has played for Real Zaragoza and Chelsea F.C.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where the capital is Rome, the language is Italian and the leader is Pietro Grasso. The inhabitants of Italy are known as Italians.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where Sergio Mattarella is the leader and the capital city is Rome. The official language is Italian and the inhabitants are known as Italians.
The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor, Kerala was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff. Kerala has Mahe, India to its northwest.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090. Its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar and it has 700 postgraduate students. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. Its president is B.M. Reddy and it has 700 postgraduate students.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussels. Denmark's leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen and its monarchy is called the Monarchy of Denmark.
The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor, India was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff. Mumbai is the largest city in India.
The Ganges is a river in India, where the largest city is Mumbai. The country is the location of the AWH Engineering College in the state of Kerala, where Kochi is the leader.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff. Denmark's leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, which has Mols to its northeast, is affiliated with the European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussels. Aarhus is governed by a magistrate.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis, written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint, was preceded by The Grantville Gazette and Grantville Gazette II. Ring of Fire II was written in English.
Cornell University in Ithaca, New York is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land-grant Universities and the Association of American Universities. It is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly and its president is Elizabeth Garrett.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group and English is the language spoken in Great Britain.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States. The language of the United States is English which is also spoken in Great Britain. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States where English is spoken (as in Great Britain). Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States, where English is spoken (as in Great Britain) and the capital city is Washington D.C. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
The novel Into Battle was written by Australians and was followed by The Violet Keystone. Above the Veil was preceded by Aenir and Castle.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. The book is written in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain.
A Severed Wasp originates from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and English is spoken (as in Great Britain). Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was preceded by 1634: The Galileo Affair and is from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and the capital is Washington D.C. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
1634 The Ram Rebellion was written in the United States, where Barack Obama is the leader, the capital is Washington D.C. and African Americans are one of the ethnic groups. The people of the United States are known as Americans.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where the leader is known as the President. The language spoken in the United States is English which is also spoken in Great Britain. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Alan Bean is an American test pilot who was born in Wheeler, Texas on March 15, 1932. He spent 100305 minutes in space and is now retired.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He was a crew member of NASA's Apollo 14 and was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the US Navy, which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
Alan Bean (born Alan LaVern Bean) was a crew member of NASA's Apollo 12 along with backup pilot Alfred Worden and commander David Scott. Alan Bean retired in June 1981.
American Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963 and was selected by NASA in 1963. He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on January 20th, 1930. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He was a crew member of NASA's Apollo 11 along with backup pilot William Anders.
American Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of NASA's Apollo 11 along with backup pilot William Anders.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on January 20th, 1930. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963 and was selected by NASA in 1963. He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11.
Alan Shepard died in California, where Dianne Feinstein is a senator. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the US Navy, which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal. Benitoite is a gemstone found in California and a fossil found in the state is the Smilodon.
American William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M.S. He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 8. He retired on September 1st 1969.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and was a crew member of NASA's Apollo 8 along with Frank Borman and backup pilot Buzz Aldrin. He retired on September 1st, 1969.
William Anders graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M.S. He was a crew member of NASA's Apollo 8 along with backup pilot Buzz Aldrin and Frank Borman. He is now retired.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located at Seminary Ridge, Adams County, Pennsylvania, United States. It was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing property. Adams County has Franklin County to its west, Cumberland County to its north, Carroll County, Maryland to its southeast and Frederick County, Maryland to its southwest.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It was designed in red granite and white marble by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner and is located in Azerbaijan, the capital of which is Baku. The leader of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial in Azerbaijan is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It is made of red granite and white marble and was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner. The leader of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade. The native name of the memorial is Turk Sehitleri Aniti.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield, Frederick County, Maryland. It was established on 11 July 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the United States.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio, Ticino, Switzerland was established in 1996. Its dean is Mario Botta and it has 100 academic staff.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, Karnataka, India. It has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, India. It was established in 2000 and its president is B.M. Reddy. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussels. Denmark's leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen and its religion is the Church of Denmark.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in the city of Aarhus, Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association headquartered in Brussels. Its dean is Thomas Pallesen. Denmark's leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
The Ganges is a river in India where the largest city is Mumbai. The country is the location of the AWH Engineering College which was established in 2001 in the state of Kerala where the leader is Kochi.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania. Romania's capital is Bucharest, its leader is Klaus Iohannis, its anthem is Deșteaptă-te, române and its patron saint is Andrew the Apostle. Its ethnic group is the Germans of Romania.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark was established in 1928. It has 737 academic staff and 16,000 students. The country's leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
Alan Bean is an American test pilot who was born in Wheeler, Texas on March 15, 1932. He graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B.S. He was a crew member of Apollo 12 and is now retired.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th, 1923. He graduated from NWC with an M.A. in 1957. He was a test pilot who was selected by NASA in 1959. He died in California.
American Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas and served as a test pilot. He was a crew member of NASA's Apollo 12 along with backup pilot Alfred Worden and commander David Scott.
Edwin E. Aldrin Jr., also known as Buzz Aldrin, was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on January 20th, 1930. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963 and was selected by NASA in 1963. He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11.
American Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on January 20th, 1930. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11. He spent 52 minutes in space.
Buzz Aldrin is a US national who was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on January 20th, 1930. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He was a crew member of Apollo 11 and has 20 awards to his name. He is now retired.
American Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on January 20th, 1930. He was selected by NASA in 1963 and served as a crew member on Apollo 11. He is now retired.
Buzz Aldrin is a US national who was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He was a crew member of NASA's Apollo 11 along with backup pilot William Anders. Aldrin is now retired.
William Anders was an American fighter pilot who was born in British Hong Kong on October 17th, 1933. He was a crew member of Apollo 8 and retired on September 1st, 1969.
American William Anders was born in British Hong Kong. He was a crew member of NASA's Apollo 8 along with backup pilot Buzz Aldrin and Frank Borman. He retired on September 1st, 1969.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on October 17th, 1933. He was a fighter pilot who was selected by NASA in 1963. He was a crew member of Apollo 8 and spent 8820.0 minutes in space. He retired on September 1st, 1969.
Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey, where the capital is Ankara and the largest city is Istanbul. The country uses the Turkish lira and is the location of the bronze Ataturk monument which was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 in Izmir.
President Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey where the capital is Ankara. The country is the location of the bronze Ataturk monument designed by Pietro Canonica and inaugurated on 27 July 1932.
Ahmet Davutoglu is the President of Turkey where the largest city is Istanbul and the capital city is Ankara. The currency of Turkey is the Turkish lira and the Ataturk Monument in Izmir was inaugurated on 27 July 1932.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio, Switzerland was established in 1996. It has 100 academic staff and 600 students. Its dean is Mario Botta. The country's leader is the Federal Chancellor of Switzerland.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, Karnataka, India was established in 2000. Its president is B.M. Reddy and its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar. Its motto is "Nurturing Excellence".
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Karnataka was given the 'Technical Campus' status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai. The institute offers tennis which is governed by the International Tennis Federation. Karnataka has Telangana to its northeast and the Arabian Sea to its west.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Romania. Romania's capital is Bucharest, its ethnic group is Germans of Romania and its leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis. Its anthem is Deșteaptă-te, române!
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in the city of Aarhus, Denmark was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the European University Association. Its dean is Thomas Pallesen and it has 737 academic staff. Denmark's leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussels. Aarhus is governed by a magistrate government and its leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen. Denmark is led by the Monarchy of Denmark.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the European University Association. Its dean is Thomas Pallesen and it has 16000 students. Its Latin name is "Universitas Aarhusiensis".
