'Jacob Bundsgaard is the leader of Aarhus.'
'The runway length of Aarhus Airport is 2702.0.'
'Adirondack Regional Airport is 507 metres above sea level.'
'Adirondack Regional Airport is located in Harrietstown, New York.'
'Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastian de los Reyes.'
'The runway name of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is 14L/32R.'
'The runway name of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is 14R/32L.'
'Afonso Pena International Airport is operated by Infraero.'
'Agra Airport is located in Agra.'
'Al-Taqaddum Air Base is 84 metres above sea level.'
'Alderney Airport serves the city of Alderney.'
'The runway name of Allama Iqbal International Airport is 18R/36L.'
'The runway length of Alpena County Regional Airport is 1533.0.'
'1/19 is the runway name of Alpena County Regional Airport.'
'Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam.'
'Andrews County, Texas has the county seat of Andrews.'
'Andrews County Airport serves the city of Andrews, Texas.'
'The runway name of Andrews County Airport is 11/29.'
'The runway name of Andrews County Airport is Helipad.'
'Angola International Airport serves Luanda.'
'Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is located in Auckland.'
'The mayor of Athens is Giorgos Kaminis.'
'Athens International Airport is located in Spata.'
'German is a language spoken in Belgium.'
'Philippe of Belgium is the leader of Belgium.'
'The capital of Denmark is Copenhagen.'
'The leader of Denmark is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.'
'The Flemish Government is the leader of the Flemish Region.'
'Greek is a language spoken in Greece.'
'Nikos Voutsis is the leader of Greece.'
'Harrietstown, New York is part of the United States.'
'The leader of Pakistan is Anwar Zaheer Jamali.'
'Paracuellos de Jarama is part of the Community of Madrid.'
'The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey has its headquarters at the Four World Trade Center.'
'San Sebastian de los Reyes is in Spain.'
'Saranac Lake, New York is part of the United States.'
'Stephen Dilts is the chief of the South Jersey Transportation Authority.'
'Aaron Bertram started his career in 1998.'
'Aaron Deer is a member of The Horns of Happiness.'
'Aaron Turner performs avant-garde metal music.'
'Aaron Turner performs black metal music.'
'Aaron Turner was born in Boston.'
'Abradab is associated with the rapper Magik.'
'Abradab is a solo singer.'
'Ace Wilder was born on July 23rd, 1982.'
'Ace Wilder is signed to EMI Records.'
'Agustin Barboza is signed to Philips Records.'
'Alan Frew is a member of the Glass Tiger band.'
'Albennie Jones was born in Errata, Mississippi.'
'Aleksandra Kovac is associated with Kornelije Kovac.'
'Aleksandra Kovac is a solo singer.'
'Aleksandra Kovac performs soul music.'
'Alfred Garth Jones died in London.'
'Alfredo Zitarrosa is associated with Hilario Perez.'
'Alfredo Zitarrosa performs Milonga music.'
'Alfredo Zitarrosa is signed to the record label Movieplay.'
"Alison O'Donnell started her career in 1963."
'Allen Forrest performs pop music.'
'Anders Osborne is signed to Alligator Records.'
'Anders Osborne is signed to Shanachie Records.'
'Andrew Rayel is associated with Jwaydan Moyine.'
'Andrew Rayel was born in Chisinau, Moldova.'
'Andrew White plays alternative rock music.'
'Asunción is part of Gran Asunción.'
'Deram Records is located in London.'
'Afrobeat is a fusion genre of Funk.'
'Gangsta rap is a sub genre of hip hop music.'
'Jazz originated from the Blues.'
'RCA Records is distributed by Legacy Recordings.'
'Twilight is a black metal band.'
'The British people live in the United Kingdom.'
'Alan Shepard was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy.'
'Alan Shepard died in California.'
'William Anders was the backup pilot of Apollo 11.'
'Apollo 14 was operated by NASA.'
'Apollo 8 was operated by NASA.'
'Buzz Aldrin is from the United States.'
'Elliot See was a test pilot.'
"The mascot of the University of Texas at Austin is Hook'em."
'Silvio Berlusconi is the chairman of AC Milan.'
'Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada.'
'Abel Hernandez plays for the Uruguay Olympic football team.'
'Abel Hernández plays for the Uruguay national football team.'
'Abner plays for C.D. FAS.'
'Adam Maher was born in Ait Ikkou, Morocco.'
'Adam Maher was born in Diemen.'
'Adam McQuaid was born in Charlottetown.'
'Ahmad Kadhim Assad was born in Iraq.'
'Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for PAS Tehran F.C.'
'Akeem Ayers is a linebacker.'
'Akeem Priestley plays for FK Mughan.'
'Akeem Priestley plays for the Jacksonville Dolphins youth club.'
'Al-Khor Sports Club play in the Qatar Stars League.'
'Alaa Abdul Zahra was born in Baghdad.'
'Alan Martin plays for Accrington Stanley F.C.'
'Alan Martin plays for Crewe Alexandra F.C.'
'Aleksander Barkov Jr. was born in Finland.'
'Aleksander Barkov Jr. plays for the Florida Panthers.'
'Aleksander Barkov Jr. played in the National Hockey League.'
'Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Samtredia.'
'Alex Plante was born in Manitoba.'
'Alex Plante is 1.9304 metres tall.'
'Drew Caldwell is the leader of Brandon, Manitoba.'
'Budapest is located in Hungary.'
'Inuktitut is the language spoken in Canada.'
'The Columbus Blue Jackets are based in Columbus, Ohio.'
'FC Terek Grozny play in Grozny.'
'FC Tom Tomsk play in the Russian Football National League.'
'Valery Petrakov is the manager of FC Torpedo Moscow.'
'Dale Tallon is the general manager of the Florida Panthers.'
'An Tabak is the coach of Maccabi Tel Aviv BC.'
'The ground of Olympique Lyonnais is the Parc Olympique Lyonnais.'
'Jorge Orosmán da Silva is the manager of Pearol.'
'Point Fortin is located in Trinidad.'
'103 Colmore Row was designed by John Madin.'
'103 Colmore Row is located in Colmore Row.'
'11 Diagonal Street was completed in 1983.'
'200 Public Square was completed in 1985.'
'20 Fenchurch Street was built in January 2009.'
'20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom.'
'300 North LaSalle has 60 floors.'
'HOK SVE was the architect of the 3Arena.'
'3Arena is located at East Link Bridge.'
'Adare Manor was built in 1700.'
'Adare Manor is located in the Republic of Ireland.'
'The Akita Museum of Art was inaugurated on 28 September 2013.'
'The Mason School of Business is the current tenant of Alan B. Miller Hall.'
'B.V. Doshi was the architect of Amdavad ni Gufa.'
'Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka.'
'Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 22nd November 1988.'
'The Asser Levy Public Baths were constructed in 1904.'
'Birmingham is in the B postcode area.'
'Chicago is part of DuPage County, Illinois.'
'Dublin is in the Republic of Ireland.'
'Dublin is part of Leinster.'
'Sumitra Mahajan is a leader in India.'
'Brazilians are an ethnic group in Japan.'
'The leader of Japan is Tar As.'
'Bill Marriott is a key person at Marriott International.'
'English is the language of the Republic of Ireland.'
'Cape Town is the capital of South Africa.'
'London is the capital of the United Kingdom.'
'Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.'
'Paul Ryan is a leader in the United States.'
'Carl A Wirtanen discovered 29075 1950 DA.'
'410777 2009 FD has an apoapsis of 259776702.47055 kilometres.'
'(66063) 1998 RO1 has an epoch date of 2013-11-04.'
'(66391) 1999 KW4 has a periapsis of 29919600000.0.'
'101 Helena has a mass of 3.0 kilograms.'
'101 Helena has an orbital period of 1516.6700000000003 days.'
'1036 Ganymed has an average speed of 16.86 kilometres per second.'
'1036 Ganymed has a temperature of 160.0 kelvins.'
'107 Camilla was discovered by F Vilas.'
'107 Camilla was discovered by N.R. Pogson.'
'1089 Tama has an escape velocity of 0.0068 kilometres per second.'
'1097 Vicia has a rotation period of 95040.0.'
'1099 Figneria has an escape velocity of 0.0155 kilometres per second.'
'1099 Figneria has a mass of 2.7 kilograms.'
'109 Felicitas has a periapsis of 283326000000.0.'
'109 Felicitas has a temperature of 170.0 kelvins.'
'10 Hygiea has an orbital period of 5.57 days.'
'1101 Clematis has a periapsis of 445895000000.0.'
'110 Lydia has an epoch date of December 31st 2006.'
'110 Lydia has a periapsis of 377016000000.0.'
'N.R. Pogson is from England.'
'The area code of Abilene, Texas is 325.'
'Abilene is part of Texas.'
'Albany, Georgia is led by a Mayor.'
'Albany, Oregon has a total area of 45.97 sq km.'
'Albany, Oregon is in the United States.'
'Albuquerque, New Mexico is led by the State Senate.'
'Albuquerque, New Mexico is led by the Albuquerque City Council.'
'Amarillo, Texas is in the United States.'
'Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas.'
'Amarillo, Texas is part of the United States.'
'Anaheim, California has the area code 657.'
'Anderson, Indiana is part of Adams, Fall Creek, Lafayette, Richland and Union.'
'Angola is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, Indiana.'
'Ann Arbor, Michigan is led by a City Administrator.'
'Ann Arbor, Michigan is led by a Mayor.'
'Ann Arbor, Michigan has a population density of 1580.7 inhabitants per square kilometre.'
'Antioch, California is 13.0 metres above sea level.'
"Antioch, California's leader title is California's 11th State Assembly district."
'Arlington, Texas is 184.0 above sea level.'
'Atlantic County, New Jersey is located in the United States.'
'Attica is part of Fountain County, Indiana.'
'Auburn is part of Alabama.'
'California is located in the United States.'
'Atlanta is the largest city in Fulton County, Georgia.'
'Georgia is located in the United States.'
'Indianapolis is the capital of Indiana.'
'Lee County is located in Alabama.'
'Trenton is the capital of New Jersey.'
'Potter County is located in the state of Texas.'
'Tarrant County, Texas is in the United States.'
'Ann Arbor is the largest city in Washtenaw County, Michigan.'
'The comic character Asterix was created by René Goscinny.'
'Auron was created by Marv Wolfman.'
'Balder was created by Jack Kirby.'
'Bananaman is broadcasted by STV.'
'Bananaman first aired on 3 October 1983.'
'Bananaman starred Bill Oddie.'
'Baymax appeared in the film Big Hero 6.'
'Bill Everett won the Eisner Award.'
'Bill Oddie had a child named Kate Hardie.'
'Bolt was created by Dan Mishkin.'
'Bozo the Iron Man's full name is Hugh Hazzard.'
'John Buscema won the Eagle Award for comics.'
'Marv Wolfman won the Eagle Award for comics.'
'Cármen Licia is the leader of Brazil.'
'Chinabank has a net income of 15100000000.'
'Felipe Gozon is a key person at GMA New Media.'
'GMA New Media produces the World Wide Web.'
'GMA New Media is a media company.'
'The total area of La Crosse, Wisconsin is 58.38.'
'The parent company of Philippine Entertainment Portal is GMA New Media.'
'The Pangasinense people are an ethnic group in the Philippines.'
'The leader of the Philippines is Rodrigo Duterte.'
'Swords, Dublin is part of the European Parliament constituency.'
'Swords, Dublin is led by a County Manager.'
'The long name of the United States is the United States of America.'
'Ajoblanco is also known as Ajo blanco.'
'The main ingredients of Ajoblanco are bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil.'
'Arem-arem is found nationwide in Indonesia, but is more specific to Java.'
'Arem-arem comes from the region of Indonesia.'
'The main ingredients of Arrabbiata sauce are tomatoes, red chili, garlic and olive oil.'
'Cuttlefish is an ingredient in Arrs negre.'
'Squid is an ingredient in Arrs negre.'
'Asam pedas comes from Malaysia.'
'Avocado belongs to the genus Persea.'
'Ayam penyet is served hot.'
'Baked Alaska is a dessert.'
'Frangipane is an ingredient in Bakewell tart.'
'Noodle is an ingredient in Bakso.'
'Vermicelli is an ingredient in Bakso.'
'Chorizo is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa.'
'Barny cakes were created by Mondelez International.'
'Chocolate is a variation of barny cakes.'
'Barny cakes contain 1.8g of protein.'
'Batchoy comes from the Philippines.'
'Chicken is an ingredient in Batchoy.'
'Vegetable is an ingredient in Batchoy.'
'Binignit is located in the Visayas region.'
'The leader of Derbyshire Dales is Patrick McLoughlin.'
'Cake is a dessert.'
'Ice cream is a dessert.'
'Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia.'
'Italians live in Italy.'
'Baduy is an ethnic group in Java.'
'Lemon belongs to the order of Rosids.'
'Mexicans are a demonym for Mexicans.'
'Spanish is the language spoken in Mexico.'
'Arabic is spoken in the Philippines.'
'Siomay is a variation of Shumai.'
'Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.'
'The 1955 Dodge is also known as the Dodge Coronet.'
'The 1955 Dodge has a 230 cubic inch engine.'
'AIDA Cruises is located in Rostock.'
'AIDAluna began its activities on March 22nd 2009.'
'AIDAluna is a Sphinx class cruise ship.'
'The AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft.'
'AIDAstella was christened on March 16th 2013.'
'AIDAstella was in service on March 17th 2013.'
'The ALCO RS-3 has a four-stroke engine.'
'The ALV X-1 is manufactured by Alliant Techsystems.'
'The AMC Ambassador and the AMC Matador are related means of transportation.'
'The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe was produced until 1958.'
'The Acura TLX has a 3.5 litre engine.'
'The Acura TLX has a Honda K engine.'
'The Acura TLX has a 9-speed ZF 9HP automatic (V6) transmission.'
'The Alfa Romeo 164 is a class of executive car.'
'The Alfa Romeo 164 and the Fiat Croma are related means of transport.'
'The Alhambra made its maiden voyage on July 7th 1855.'
'The Alhambra has a ship beam of 8.3 m.'
'The Alhambra has a top speed of 18.52.'
'The Antares rocket made its final flight on 2014-10-28.'
'The Ariane 5 made its maiden flight on August 11th 2005.'
'The Ariane 5 was manufactured by Airbus Defence and Space.'
'Atlas II originates from the United States.'
'The final flight of Atlas II was on March 16th 1998.'
'Audi e-tron is a division of Audi.'
'The Audi A1 is assembled in Audi Brussels.'
'Caterpillar Inc. was founded in California.'
'Douglas R. Oberhelman is a key person at Caterpillar Inc.'
'Caterpillar Inc. is located in Peoria, Illinois.'
'The Delta II was launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.'
'Sami languages are spoken in Finland.'
'Stanislaw Tilich is a leader in Germany.'
'The headquarters of the Guiana Space Centre are in Kourou, French Guiana.'
'Acura is a division of Honda.'
'The Lancia theme and the Alfa Romeo 164 are related means of transport.'
'Meyer Werft is located in Germany.'
'Meyer Werft is located in Papenburg.'
'Pietro Canonica designed the Atatürk Monument in Izmir.'
'The Atatürk Monument in Izmir is made of bronze.'
'Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaijan.'
"Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan."
'The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is made of red granite and white marble.'
'Aaron S. Daggett was awarded the Purple Heart.'
'Aaron S. Daggett fought in the Battle of Mine Run.'
"Abdul Rahman Ya'kub was in office while Tuanku Bujang Tuanku Othman was Vice President."
'Abdul Taib Mahmud attended the University of Adelaide.'
'Abdul Taib Mahmud is from the Kota Samarahan region.'
'Abdul Taib Mahmud was succeeded by Adenan Satem.'
'Abdul Taib Mahmud was succeeded by Sulaiman Abdul Rahman Taib.'
'Abdulsalami Abubakar served in the Nigerian Army.'
'Abel Caballero was in office while Juan Carlos I of Spain was Monarch.'
'Abner W. Sibal fought in World War II.'
'Abraham A. Ribicoff was succeeded by Anthony J. Celebrezze.'
'Adam Koc was awarded the Cross of Valour in Poland.'
'Adam Koc died in New York City.'
'Adenan Satem attended the University of Adelaide.'
'Adonis Georgiadis worked as Deputy Minister for Development, Competitiveness and Shipping.'
'Agnes Kant worked at the House of Representatives in the Netherlands.'
'Agnes Kant resides in the Netherlands.'
'Airey Neave was awarded the Territorial Decoration award.'
'Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge, London.'
'Airey Neave started service in 1935.'
'Alberto Teisaire is from Argentina.'
'Alfred Moore Scales fought in the Battle of Chancellorsville.'
'Alfred Moore Scales fought in the Overland Campaign.'
'Allan Shivers fought in World War II.'
'Allan Shivers served in the United States Army.'
'Alvah Sabin ended his career on 1857-03-03.'
'Alvah Sabin was a member of the Whig Party in the United States.'
'Konstantinos Mitsotakis succeeded Antonis Samaras.'
'Gabriela Michetti is the leader of Argentina.'
'Austrian German is a language spoken in Austria.'
'The Battle of Fredericksburg was part of the American Civil War.'
'Edmund J Davis died in Austin, Texas.'
'Josef Klaus attended the University of Vienna.'
'Juan Peron is a member of the Labour Party in Argentina.'
'Oladipo Diya was the predecessor of Mike Akhigbe.'
'Sadique Abubakar is a commander in the Nigerian Air Force.'
'Romani people are an ethnic group in Poland.'
'The Kashubian language is spoken in Poland.'
'Peter Stoger is the manager of 1. FC Koln.'
'1. FC Magdeburg played in the 2014 season.'
'A.C. Lumezzane played in the 2014-15 Lega Pro season.'
'The full name of A.D. Isidro Metapan is "Asociación Deportiva".'
'The full name of A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis.'
'A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis played in 2014 season.'
'A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis played in the 2014-15 season for A.E. EPSTH, Greece.'
'A.F.C. Blackpool has 1500 members.'
'The ground of A.F.C. Fylde is The Fylde.'
'A.S. Gubbio 1910 play in Italy.'
'A.S. Livorno Calcio has 19238 members.'
'A.S. Roma played in Serie A in 2014-15.'
'Frank de Boer is the manager of AFC Ajax.'
'The nickname of AFC Ajax (amateurs) is Joden, Godenzonen.'
'AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members.'
'AZAL PFK is located in Shuvalan, Baku, Azerbaijan.'
'AZ Alkmaar has 17023 members.'
'Vica is the manager of Agremiaço Sportiva Arapiraquense.'
'Agremiaço Sportiva Arapiraquense played in the 2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Série C.'
'The ground of Akron Summit Assault is St. Vincent-St. Mary High School.'
'Akron Summit Assault has 3000 members.'
'Amsterdam-Centrum is part of Amsterdam.'
'Nikos Voutsis is the leader of Greece.'
'Gus Poyet plays for AEK Athens F.C.'
'Jens Hartel plays for SV Germany Schöneiche.'
'John van den Brom plays for AZ Alkmaar.'
'Jorge Humberto Rodriguez plays for A.D. Isidro Metapan.'
'Massimo Drago plays for Delfino Pescara 1936.'
'Massimo Drago plays for S.S. Chieti Calcio.'
'The Olympic Stadium (Athens) is located in Marousi.'
'K-W United FC are champions of the Premier Development League.'
'Stuart Parker plays for Bury F.C.'
'The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio has 100 academic staff.'
'The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.'
'Alba Iulia is from Romania.'
'Alba Iulia is part of Alba County.'
'Andrew the Apostle is the patron saint of Romania.'
'The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has an academic staff of 737.'
'The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Denmark.'
'1634: The Bavarian Crisis was written by Eric Flint.'
'1634: The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by The Grantville Gazettes.'
'1634: The Ram Rebellion was followed by 1635: The Cannon Law.'
'The eissn number of AIP Advances is 2158.'
'A Fortress of Grey Ice is available in hardcover.'
'The ISBN number of A Long Long Way is 0-670-03380-4.'
'A Loyal Character Dancer has the ISBN number 1-56947-301-3.'
"A Severed Wasp" was written by Madeleine L'Engle."
'A Wizard of Mars is written in English.'
'Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg has the LCCN number 32024459.'
'Above the Veil is available in hardcover.'
'Acta Mathematica Hungarica is abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar.'
'Acta Mathematica Hungarica is in the academic discipline of Mathematics.'
'The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica has the code "APGPAC".'
'The Addiction journal has the OCLC number 27367194.'
'Addiction is published by Wiley-Blackwell.'
'The Administrative Science Quarterly has the LCCN number 57059226.'
'The OCLC number of Aenir is 45644811.'
'Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has the OCLC number 78771100.'
"Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was followed by Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener's Bones."
'The American Journal of Mathematics has an impact factor of 1.337.'
'The novel Castle was followed by Aenir.'
'Cornell University is nicknamed Cornell Big Red.'
'HIV is a member of the genus Lentivirus.'
'John Cowper Powys is the author of Wolf Solent.'
'Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom.'
'Joe Biden is a leader in the United States.'
'Wolf Solent was written by John Cowper Powys.'
'Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene, Texas, in Texas.'
'Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500.0.'
'Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastian de los Reyes and has a runway length of 3500.0.'
'T.S. Thakur is the leader of India where Agra Airport is located.'
'Al Asad Airbase is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq and is 618 feet above sea level.'
'Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who fought in Operation Enduring Freedom.'
'Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who fought in the invasion of Panama.'
'Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas, part of the community of Madrid.'
'The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made of Poaceae and has a length of 877.0.'
'Allama Iqbal International Airport is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority whose headquarters are at Jinnah International Airport.'
'Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan, United States.'
'Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is operated by Schiphol Group and is -3.3528 above sea level.'
'Andrews County Airport is 973 metres above sea level and its 4th runway is made of asphalt.'
'Andrews County Airport is located in Texas whose capital is Austin.'
'Angola International Airport serves the city of Luanda and is 159 metres above sea level.'
'Angola International airport is located in colo e Bengo, Angola.'
'Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish department of Mobility and Public Works and is 12.0 metres above sea level.'
'Appleton International Airport serves the city of Appleton, which is part of Grand Chute, Wisconsin.'
'The 2nd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made of Poaceae which belongs to the order of Poales.'
'The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made of Poaceae which belongs to the class Monocotyledon.'
'Ashgabat International Airport is located in Ashgabat and has a runway length of 3800.0.'
'Athens International Airport is located in Spata and serves the city of Athens.'
'Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens and has a runway length of 3800.0.'
'Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes, part of the Community of Madrid.'
'Aaron Bertram is a member of the Suburban Legends band and the Kids Imagine Nation band.'
'Aaron Bertram is a member of the Suburban Legends, a Ska band.'
'Aaron Deer plays the guitar and performs Psychedelia music.'
'Aaron Turner is a member of the band Isis and the Lotus Eaters.'
'Abradab was born in Katowice, Poland.'
'Ace Wilder performs hip hop music which originated from disco.'
'Al Anderson, a member of the band NRBQ, plays rock music which originated from country music.'
'Alan Frew performs rock music which originated from country music.'
'Albennie Jones performs jazz music which originated from blues music.'
'Albennie Jones performs rhythm and blues music which originated from blues music.'
'Aleksandra Kovac started performing in 1990 and performs soul music.'
'Alex Day performs Synthpop music which originated from Disco.'
'Alex Day performs Synthpop music which originated from new wave music.'
'Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, led by Daniel Martnez.'
'Alfredo Zitarrosa, a solo singer, performs Zamba music.'
"Alison O'Donnell is associated with Plastik Mak and Head South By Weaving."
"Alison O'Donnell's musical genre is Jazz and she plays the autoharp."
'Allen Forrest is a solo singer who performs pop music.'
'Alternative rock musician Andrew White is a member of the Nu metal fusion genre.'
'Anders Osborne is associated with Billy Iuso and Theresa Andersson.'
'Anders Osborne is signed to the record label Rabadash Records and performs rhythm and blues music.'
'Andra started performing in 2000 and performs pop music.'
'Andra is a solo singer who performs pop music.'
'Andra performs pop music which is a fusion genre of disco music.'
'Andrew Rayel is associated with Jonathan Mendelsohn and Mark Sixma.'
'Andrew Rayel is associated with Mark Sixma and Christian Burns.'
'Andrew White plays alternative rock music and is associated with Marry Banilow.'
'Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Uruguay where Tabaré Vazquez is a leader.'
'Alan Shepard was a crew member of Apollo 14 and retired on August 1, 1974.'
'Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, United States.'
'Buzz Aldrin was a fighter pilot and is now retired.'
'Buzz Aldrin was a crew member of Apollo 11 which was operated by NASA.'
'Buzz Aldrin was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11.'
'Aaron Hunt plays for Vfl Wolfsburg and SV Werder Bremen II.'
'Abel Hernandez plays for the club U.S. Città di Palermo and for Pearol.'
'Adam Maher plays for PSV Eindhoven and the Netherlands national under 17 football team.'
'Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for Steel Azin F.C. and Al-Naft.'
'Akeem Adams plays for Ferencvarosi TC which is managed by Thomas Doll.'
'Akeem Dent was born on 27th September 1987.'
'Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia in 1987.'
'Akeem Dent made his debut with the Atlanta Falcons, owned by Arthur Blank.'
'Akeem Priestley was born in Jamaica where Patrick Allen is a politician.'
"Alaa Abdul Zahra's club is Shabab Al-Ordon Club and he plays for Al-Zawra'a SC."
'Alan Martin plays for Hamilton Academical F.C. and Barrow A.F.C.'
'Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow which is managed by Valery Petrakov.'
'Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia where Sergey Naryshkin is a leader.'
'Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia where Vladimir Putin is a leader.'
'Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Tom Tomsk who play in the Russian Football National League.'
'Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv and AS Lyon-Duchère.'
'Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Dinamo Batumi and FC Karpaty Lviv.'
'Alessio Romagnoli plays as a defender for A.C. Milan.'
'Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.S. Roma in the Serie A league.'
'Alex Plante was born in Manitoba in 1989.'
'Alex Tyus was born on January 8th 1988 and played for Pallacanestro Cantù.'
'Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada where English is the language spoken.'
'Adam McQuaid was born in Canada where English is the language spoken.'
'Abel Hernandez plays for Hull City A.F.C. which is managed by Steve Bruce.'
'11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa where Coloured people are an ethnic group.'
'200 Public Square is located in Cleveland and has 45 floors.'
'20 Fenchurch Street is located in London which is led by the European Parliament.'
'250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States where Barack Obama is a leader.'
'300 North LaSalle is located in Illinois and has 60 floors.'
'HOK SVE was the architect of 3Arena which is located in North Wall, Dublin.'
'3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment and is located at East Link Bridge.'
'3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment which is located in Beverly Hills, California.'
'Marriott International is a tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen which has 23 floors.'
'Addis Ababa City Hall is 42 m high and the current tenants are the Government of Addis Ababa.'
'Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka and its architectural style is Tudor and Jacabian.'
'Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka where the language is Tamil.'
'Alan B. Miller Hall, located at 101 Ukrop Way, was built on 30 March 2007.'
'Alan B. Miller Hall is located in Williamsburg, Virginia and is owned by the College of William and Mary.'
'The Mason School of Business is a tenant of Alan B. Miller Hall which was designed by Robert A.M. Stern.'
'Ampara Hospital is located in Ampara District, Sri Lanka.'
'Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka whose capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte.'
'Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located on U.S. Route 83 and has the reference number 88002539 in the National Register of Historic Places.'
'Asilomar Conference Grounds is located at Asilomar Blvd., Pacific Grove, California and has the reference number 87000823 in the National Register of Historic Places.'
'Asilomar Conference Grounds is located in Pacific Grove, California and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 27, 1987.'
'Asser Levy Public Baths was constructed in 1904 and is located on 23rd Street in Manhattan.'
'Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat where Anandiben Patel is a leader.'
'410777 2009 FD has an apoapsis of 259776702.47055 kilometres and a minimum temperature of 211.0 kelvins.'
'(410777) 2009 FD was discovered by Spacewatch and has a periapsis of 88234300000.0.'
'(66063) 1998 RO1 has an escape velocity of 0.0999 kilometres per second and its epoch date is 2013-11-04.'
'(66391) 1999 KW4 has an epoch date of July 14th 2004 and a rotation period of 9953.28.'
'101 Helena has an average speed of 18.44 kilometres per second and an apoapsis of 441092000.0 kilometres.'
'1036 Ganymed has an average speed of 16.86 km/s and an apoapsis of 611961000.0 kilometres.'
'103 Hera was discovered by James Craig Watson, a Canadian.'
'103 Hera was discovered by James Craig Watson, a Canadian.'
'103 Hera has a periapsis of 371240000.0 kilometres and an epoch date of August 27th 2011.'
'107 Camilla was discovered by N.R. Pogson and has an epoch date of December 31st 2006.'
'1097 Vicia has an orbital period of 135589000.0 and an epoch date of December 31st 2006.'
'1099 Figneria has an apoapsis of 605718000.0 kilometres and an average speed of 16.37 kilometres per second.'
'1099 Figneria has a periapsis of 349206000000.0 and an epoch date of December 31st 2006.'
'10 Hygiea, formerly known as A900 GA, has an epoch date of 2015-06-27.'
'1101 Clematis has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 and a periapsis of 445895000000.0.'
'110 Lydia has a rotation period of 39332.9 and an epoch date of December 31st 2006.'
'11264 Claudiomaccone has an epoch date of 26 November 2005 and a periapsis of 296521000.0 kilometres.'
'Albany, Georgia is part of the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.'
'Albany is part of Oregon where Portland is the largest city.'
'Alexandria, Indiana has a total area of 6.81 square kilometres and a population density of 755.3 inhabitants per square kilometre.'
'Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas, United States.'
'Anaheim, California is 48 metres above sea level and has a total area of 131.6 square kilometres.'
'Anderson is part of Anderson Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States.'
'Anderson is part of Fall Creek Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States.'
'Anderson is part of Union Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States.'
'Ann Arbor, Michigan has a total area of 74.33 square kilometres and a population density of 1580.7 inhabitants per square kilometre.'
'Atlanta is located in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group.'
'Atlanta is part of Fulton County, Georgia, U.S.'
'Attica is part of Indiana in the United States.'
'Auburn, Alabama is located in the United States, whose capital is Washington, D.C.'
'Auburn, Alabama is in the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.'
'Austin, Texas has a total area of 703.95 square kilometres and a land area of 686 square kilometres.'
'Austin is part of Travis County, Texas in the United States.'
'Austin, Texas in the United States is led by the City Manager.'
'Austin is part of Texas in the United States.'
'Indianapolis is the capital of Indiana, where Attica is located.'
'Ann Arbor is in Michigan, United States.'
'Arlington is part of Texas where English is the language spoken.'
'Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in the United States, where Americans live.'
'Akron, Ohio is part of the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.'
'The comic character Asterix was created by René Goscinny and Albert Uderzo.'
'Aurakles was created by Len Wein.'
'Doug Moench created the comic character Ballistic, whose alternative name is Kelvin Mao.'
'Graeme Garden starred in Bananaman which was broadcasted by the BBC.'
'Born in Lancashire, Bill Oddie starred in Bananaman.'
'Jerry Ordway is an American who created Bibbo Bibbowski.'
'The Black Pirate, also known as Jon Valor, was created by Sheldon Moldoff.'
'The comic character Blockbuster was created by Roger Stern and Tom Lyle.'
'The comic character Bolt was created by Paris Cullins and Gary Cohn.'
'AmeriGas is located in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania and is in the energy industry.'
'AmeriGas serves the United States and is in the energy industry.'
'Chinabank provides banking services and has a net income of 15100000000.'
'Chinabank is a public company which was founded in the Insular Government of the Philippine Islands.'
'GMA New Media is in the mass media industry and produces mobile applications.'
'Hypermarcas is in the pharmaceutical industry and makes cosmetics.'
'Hypermarcas is a S.A. corporation whose key person is the CEO.'
'Hypermarcas is located in Brazil and produces drugs.'
'Hypermarcas is located in So Paulo and produces drugs.'
'Trane was founded in La Crosse, Wisconsin on 1913-01-01.'
'Trane is located in Swords, Dublin, Ireland.'
'Bread is an ingredient in Ajoblanco, a dish from Spain.'
'Almond is an ingredient in Ajoblanco which comes from Andalusia.'
'Tomato is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce which comes from the region of Lazio.'
'Bandeja paisa comes from the Antioquia Department in Colombia.'
'Banana leaf is an ingredient in Arem-arem which comes from the region of Indonesia.'
'Olive oil is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce which comes from Italy.'
'Arrabbiata sauce comes from Italy whose capital is Rome.'
'Tomato is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce which comes from Italy.'
'Arrs negre is a dish from Spain and contains squid.'
'Cuttlefish is an ingredient in Arrs negre which comes from the region of the Valencian Community.'
'Ayam penyet is a dish from Java. The main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal.'
'Sausage is an ingredient in the Bacon Explosion which comes from the United States.'
'John Roberts is a leader in the United States where Bacon Explosion is a popular dish.'
'Bacon Explosion is a main course and contains bacon.'
'An alternative name for a bacon sandwich is a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin.'
'Christmas pudding is an ingredient of Baked Alaska which can be found in France, the United States or China.'
'Baked Alaska comes from China where Standard Chinese is the language spoken.'
'Baked Alaska is a dessert and a cookie is also a dessert.'
'Bakewell pudding was created at the Rutland Arms, Bakewell, in 1820. The main ingredients are ground almond, jam, butter and eggs.'
'Shortcrust pastry is an ingredient in Bakewell tart which is a variation of Bakewell pudding.'
'Lemon belongs to the genus Citrus and is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa.'
'Batchoy is a dish from the Philippines and contains shrimp.'
'Batchoy is a dish from the Philippines where one of the ethnic groups is the Chinese Filipino.'
'Beef kway teow comes from Singapore where Standard Chinese is spoken.'
'Beef kway teow comes from the region of Singapore where Tony Tan is a leader.'
'Bhajji comes from India where Sumitra Mahajan is a leader.'
'Bhajji contains gram flour and is similar to pakora and other fritters made from wheat or corn flour.'
'Binignit contains sweet potato and banana as main ingredients.'
'Binignit contains sweet potato and sago.'
'Sweet potato is a flowering plant and is an ingredient in Binignit.'
'Sweet potato is a member of the order of Solanales and is a main ingredient in Binignit.'
'Granola is an ingredient in Bionico which is a dessert.'
'Bionico is a dessert that can be served with honey.'
'Bionico is a dessert. Ice cream is a variation of dessert.'
'Batagor is a variation of Siomay which contains peanut sauce.'
'The A-Rosa Luna was christened on the 7th of April 2005 and is 125800.0 millimetres long.'
'The A-Rosa Luna is 125800.0 millimetres long and belongs to the cruise ship class.'
'AIDA Cruises is located in Rostock and operates the AIDAluna.'
'The AIDAstella was christened on March 16th 2013 and is 253260.0 millimetres long.'
'The ALCO RS-3 was built by Montreal Locomotive Works and has a four-stroke engine.'
'The AGM-88 Harm is manufactured by Alliant Techsystems, the manufacturer of the ALV X-1.'
'The AMC Matador was designed by Richard A. Teague who worked for Chrysler.'
'The AMC Matador was designed by Richard A. Teague who worked for General Motors.'
'The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) is 192000.0 millimetres long and is from Argentina.'
'The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe was designed by Gruppo Bertone and manufactured by Abarth.'
'The Acura TLX is manufactured by Honda and has a Honda J engine.'
'The Acura TLX is manufactured by Honda and has an inline-four engine.'
'The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in Finland, where Sauli Niinisto is a leader.'
'The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built at the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard and has a ship beam of 21.2.'
'The Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Milan and is related to the Fiat Croma.'
'The Alhambra is powered by a Humphrys, Tennant and Dykes engine located in Deptford.'
'The Alhambra was launched on 31st May 1855 and has a ship beam of 8.3 m.'
'The Alvis Speed 25 has a transmission consisting of a single plate clutch, separate 4-speed gearbox all-silent and all-syncromesh, centre change lever, open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints, spiral bevel fully floating back axle and an engine of 4387.0 cubic centimetres.'
'The AMC Matador is manufactured by American Motors which is the fate of the Eagle.'
'The Antares rocket is comparable to the Delta II and was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0.'
'The Antares rocket was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport on January 9th 2014.'
'The Ariane 5 was manufactured by Airbus Defence and Space, a subsidiary of the Airbus Group.'
'The Aston Martin V8 is related to the Aston Martin RHAM/1 and was succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage.'
'The Atlas II was manufactured by Lockheed Martin and launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.'
'Ducati is a subsidiary of Audi, the manufacturer of the Audi A1.'
'The Audi A1 is manufactured by Audi and is related to the SEAT Ibiza.'
'Douglas R. Oberhelman is a key person at Caterpillar Inc. which makes the power type of the AIDAluna.'
'The Atatürk Monument (Izmir) was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 and is located in Turkey.'
'The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial is made of red granite and white marble and dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku.'
'The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is made of red granite and white marble. Its native name is "Türk ehitleri Ant".'
"Dead Man's Plack is made of rock and dedicated to thelwald, Ealdorman of East Anglia."
'Aaron S. Daggett fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg and was awarded the Purple Heart.'
'Aaron S. Daggett fought in the Battle of Gettysburg and was awarded the Purple Heart.'
'Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu.'
'Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri, Malaysia and is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu.'
'Abdulsalami Abubakar served in the Nigerian Army and was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President.'
'Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Minna and worked as Chief of the Nigerian Defence Staff.'
'Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in the Niger State and worked as the Chief of the Defence Staff in Nigeria.'
'Abel Caballero was born in Ponteareas, Galicia, Spain.'
'Abner W. Sibal served in the United States Army and fought in World War II.'
'Abner W. Sibal served in the United States Army which fought in the American Revolutionary War.'
'Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in the United States and married Ruth Ribicoff.'
'Casey Ribicoff was born in Chicago and was the spouse of Abraham A. Ribicoff.'
'Adam Koc fought in the Polish–Soviet War and was awarded the Cross of Valour (Poland).'
'Adam Koc fought in World War I and was awarded the Officer's Star Parasol.'
'Adam Koc fought in World War I and was awarded the Virtuti Militari award.'
'Adonis Georgiadis was born in Greece and worked as the Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally.'
'Adonis Georgiadis was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister and Konstantinos Mitsotakis was Prime Minister.'
'Adonis Georgiadis was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister and was succeeded by Konstantinos Mitsotakis.'
'Airey Neave started his career on 30 June 1953 and ended it on 30 March 1979.'
'Airey Neave started his career on June 30th 1953 and fought in World War II.'
'Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge and fought in World War II.'
'Airey Neave fought in World War II where Joseph Stalin was a commander.'
'Albert B. White died in Parkersburg, West Virginia and was succeeded by William M.O. Dawson.'
'Albert Jennings Fountain, who died in New Mexico Territory, was in office while Edmund J. Davis was Vice President.'
'Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires, led by Diego Santilli.'
'Alfons Gorbach was born in Tyrol, Austria.'
'Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria and was in office while Adolf Schärf was President.'
'Alfred N. Phillips was born in Darien, Connecticut and was Mayor of Stamford, Connecticut.'
'Alfred N. Phillips served in the United States Army which fought in the American Civil War.'
'Allan Shivers was a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 (Port Arthur) and was succeeded by Ben Ramsey.'
'Alvah Sabin was Secretary of State of Vermont and was succeeded by Homer Elihu Royce.'
'Carpi F.C. 1909 are the champions of Serie B, where AC Cesena play.'
"A.C. Chievo Verona's ground is Stadio Marc'Antonio Bentegodi and they play in Serie A."
'A.C. Lumezzane play in Italy where Pietro Grasso is a leader.'
'Jorge Humberto Rodrguez manages A.D. Isidro Metapan and plays for C.D. FAS.'
'A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and plays in the A EPSTH 2nd GROUP.'
'The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker who plays for Runcorn F.C. Halton.'
'The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker who plays for Sparta Rotterdam.'
'A.F.C. Fylde have 3180 members and their ground is The Fylde.'
'A.F.C. Fylde have 3180 members and their ground is Bryning Lane.'
'Christian Panucci manages AS Livorno Calcio and plays for the Italy national football team.'
'A.S. Roma play in Serie A in Rome, Italy.'
'ACF Fiorentina play in the Serie A league in Italy.'
'Frank de Boer manages AFC Ajax and plays for Ajax Youth Academy.'
'AFC Ajax is owned by AFC Ajax N.V. and has 53502 members.'
'Amsterdam is led by Eberhard van der Laan and is the home ground of AFC Ajax (amateurs).'
'AFC Ajax (amateurs) played in the 2014-15 Topklasse season and has 5000 members.'
'The AZAL Arena is located in Shuvalan and is the ground of AZAL PFK.'
'AZ Alkmaar, whose full name is Alkmaar Zaanstreek, has 17023 members.'
'Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca is located in Brazil and is the ground of Agremiaço Sportiva Arapiraquense.'
'The full name of Agremiaço Sportiva Arapiraquense is Agremiaço Sportiva Arapiraquense and it has 17000 members.'
'Akron Summit Assault is based in Akron, Ohio, United States.'
'Massimo Drago manages A.C. Cesena and plays for S.S. Chieti Calcio.'
'The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090 and its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar.'
'The Acharya Institute of Technology was given the Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Technical Education and has the official school colours of Blue, White and Orange.'
'Acharya Institute of Technology offers tennis which is governed by the International Tennis Federation.'
'The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussels.'
'The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the state of Karnataka which has to its west the Arabian Sea.'
'1634: The Bavarian Crisis was written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint and was preceded by Grantville Gazette III.'
'1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint and is available as an E-book.'
'1634: The Ram Rebellion was written in hardcover by Eric Flint.'
'The abbreviation of ACM Transactions on Information Systems is ACM Trans. Inf. Syst. and its coden code is ATISET.'
'The AIDS journal is published in the United Kingdom where Elizabeth II is the leader.'
'A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by J.V. Jones and has the ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6.'
'A Glastonbury Romance is in print and has the ISBN number 0-7156-3648-0.'
'A Glastonbury Romance is available in hardcover and has the ISBN number 0-7156-3648-0.'
'A Glastonbury Romance is in print and has 1174 pages.'
'A Long Long Way has the ISBN number 0-670-03380-4 and the OCLC number 57392246.'
'A Loyal Character Dancer comes from the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.'
'A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States.'
'A Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane and has the OCLC number 318875313.'
'A Wizard of Mars is available in hardcover and has the ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2.'
'A Wizard of Mars has 560 pages and the ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2.'
'Above the Veil was preceded by Aenir and was written by Australians.'
'Aenir was followed by Above the Veil which was written in English.'
'Above the Veil was preceded by Aenir which was preceded by Castle.'
'Acta Mathematica Hungarica is published by Springer Science + Business Media, founded by Julius Springer.'
'Administrative Science Quarterly, abbreviated to Admin. Sci. Q, has the code ASCQAG.'
'Cornell University is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land-grant Universities and is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly.'
'Aenir was written by Garth Nix and has the ISBN number 0-439-17684-0.'
'Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is available in hardcover and has the ISBN number 0-439-92550-9.'
'Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has 320 pages and the ISBN number 0-439-92550-9.'
'HIV is a member of the Orthoretrovirinae family and the AIDS journal falls under the academic discipline of HIV.'
'A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States, where English is the language spoken.'
'Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene in Taylor County, Texas, United States.'
'Adirondack Regional Airport serves the cities of Lake Placid and Saranac Lake, New York and has a runway length of 1219.0.'
'Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid and has a runway length of 4100.0. The runway name is 14L/32R.'
'Agra Airport in India is operated by the Indian Air Force and has the ICAO location identifier VIAG.'
'Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force and is located in Iraq. The runway length is 3078.48.'
'Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who fought in the Invasion of Grenada and the Korean War.'
'Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who fought in the Invasion of Grenada and Operation Enduring Freedom.'
'Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which fought in the Korean War and Operation Enduring Freedom.'
'Alderney Airport serves the city of Alderney and has a runway length of 733.0. The 1st runway is made of Poaceae.'
'Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan and is 210 metres above sea level. The runway length is 1533.0.'
'Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam and is -3.3528 metres above sea level. The runway length is 3500.0.'
'Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States, where Houston is the largest city.'
'Angola International airport is located in colo e Bengo, Angola and has a runway length of 4000.0.'
'Angola International Airport is located in colo e Bengo, Angola. The runway name is South Runway.'
'Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish Government and is owned by the Flemish Region. It is 12.0 metres above sea level.'
'Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp and is owned by the Flemish Region. The airport is operated by the Flemish department of Mobility and Public Works.'
'Appleton, Wisconsin is part of Kimberly, Wisconsin and Little Chute, Wisconsin and is served by Appleton International Airport.'
'Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, Clayton, Winnebago County, Wisconsin, United States.'
'The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made of Poaceae, a division of the order Poales and a flowering plant.'
'Ashgabat International Airport is located in Ashgabat and has a runway length of 3800.0. It is 211 metres above sea level.'
'Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens in Greece, where Alexis Tsipras is a leader.'
'Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. The runway name is 4/22.'
'Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp, Belgium. The leader of Belgium is Philippe of Belgium.'
'The 2nd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made of Poaceae which belongs to the class Monocotyledon and the order Commelinids.'
'Aaron Bertram is a member of the band Kids Imagine Nation and is a member of the Suburban Legends, a pop music band.'
'Aaron Deer is an Indie rock musician from Indiana, United States.'
'Aaron Turner is a black metal musician who played with Twilight and Greymachine.'
'Aaron Turner plays drone music and is a member of the bands Twilight and Greymachine.'
'Aaron Turner is a black metal musician who has played with the bands Twilight and Sumac.'
'Aaron Turner is a black metal musician who is a member of the band Sumac. Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal.'
'Aaron Turner plays the electric guitar and performs black metal music. Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal.'
'Abradab performs hip hop music which has Gangsta rap as a sub genre and drum and bass as a derivative.'
'Ace Wilder was born in Sweden and is signed to Warner Music Group. He is a solo singer.'
'Agustin Barboza is a solo singer who performs Guarania music and is signed to Philips Records.'
'Agustin Barboza was born in Asuncion, Paraguay on 5th May 1913.'
'Ahmet Ertegun is a blues musician from Washington D.C., United States.'
'Al Anderson, a member of the band NRBQ, started his career in 1966 and was a member of The Wildweeds.'
'Alan Frew plays rock music which has its origins in country music and folk music.'
'Albennie Jones, a solo singer, was born in Errata, Mississippi and performs jazz music.'
'Albennie Jones performs jazz music which has its origins in blues music. Afrobeat is a fusion genre of jazz.'
'Aleksandra Kovac performs pop music and is associated with Bebi Dol and Kornelije Kovac.'
'Aleksandra Kovac performs rhythm and blues music and is associated with Bebi Dol and K2 (Kova sisters duo).'
'Aleksandra Kovac performs rhythm and blues music and is associated with Bebi Dol and Kornelije Kovac.'
'Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, England and died in London.'
'Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, United Kingdom and died in London.'
'Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup, London, where Boris Johnson is a leader.'
'Alfredo Zitarrosa, a solo singer, is signed to RCA Records and performs Zamba music.'
"Alison O'Donnell is signed to the record label Static Caravan Recordings and performs jazz music which is a derivative of funk music."
'Allen Forrest was born in Fort Campbell, KY and raised in Dothan, AL. He is an acoustic musician and a solo singer.'
'Anders Osborne is associated with Billy Iuso, Tab Benoit and the Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars.'
'Anders Osborne performs rock music and is signed to Alligator Records and Okeh Records.'
'Andra is a rhythm and blues singer who is associated with Puya and CRBL.'
'Andra is a solo singer who performs rhythm and blues music which is a derivative of disco.'
'Andrew Rayel is associated with Jwaydan Moyine and Christian Burns, who performs house music.'
'Andrew Rayel is associated with Jwaydan Moyine and the musical artist Armin van Buuren, who performs house music.'
'Alan Bean was a crew member of Apollo 12 which was operated by NASA and was commanded by David Scott.'
'Alan Shepard died in California on July 21st 1998. Dianne Feinstein is one of the senators in California.'
'Buzz Aldrin, whose alternative name is Edwin E. Aldrin Jr., was a crew member of Apollo 11. He graduated from MIT in 1963 with a Sc.D.'
'Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and spent 52 minutes in space. He was a crew member of Apollo 11.'
'Alan Shepard, who died in California, was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy. Smilodon is a fossil found in California.'
'Elliot See was selected by NASA in 1962 and died in St Louis on February 28th 1966.'
'Elliot See was born in Dallas on July 23rd, 1927. He has since passed away.'
'William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on October 17th 1933 and was a crew member of Apollo 8.'
'Aaron Boogaard was born in Regina, Saskatchewan and plays for Wichita Thunder. He is 1.905 metres tall.'
'Aaron Hunt played for Vfl Wolfsburg and SV Werder Bremen II. He also played for Goslarer SC 08 youth club.'
'Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen and the youth club Goslarer SC 08. He also plays for Vfl Wolfsburg.'
'Abel Hernández has played for Central Espaol, U.S. Città di Palermo and Pearol.'
'Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for the Iraq national football team and the Esteghlal Ahvaz F.C. which is managed by Adnan Hamad.'
'Akeem Ayers played for the Tennessee Titans and was drafted in the 2nd round. He was drafted in the 39th round.'
'Akeem Ayers played for the St Louis Rams and was drafted in the 2nd round. He was picked in the 39th round.'
'Akeem Ayers made his debut for the Tennessee Titans and played for the St Louis Rams, based in the city of St Louis.'
'Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia on 27 September 1987 and made his debut with the Atlanta Falcons.'
'Akeem Priestley was born in Jamaica where Patrick Allen is a politician and Elizabeth II is a leader.'
'Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al-Khor Sports Club whose ground is in Al-Khor. He also plays for Al Shorta SC.'
'Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC, whose ground is in Al Khor, and Shabab Al-Ordon Club.'
'Alan Martin was born on January 1st 1989 and plays for Crewe Alexandra F.C. and Aldershot Town F.C.'
'Alan Martin was born on January 1st 1989 and plays for Hamilton Academical F.C. and Crewe Alexandra F.C.'
'Aleksander Barkov Jr. was born in Tampere, Finland on 2nd September 1995.'
'Aleksander Barkov Jr was born on 2nd September 1995 and plays for the Florida Panthers.'
'Aleksander Barkov Jr. was born in Tampere, Finland on September 2nd 1995. He plays for the Florida Panthers.'
'Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 24 February 1989 and plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar and FC Dynamo Moscow.'
'Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 24 February 1989 and played for FC Spartak Moscow and FC Kuban Krasnodar.'
'Aleksandre Guruli plays for AZAL PFK and for Olympique Lyonnais, whose ground is the Parc Olympique Lyonnais.'
'Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.C. Milan which is managed by Sinia Mihajlovi. He also plays for U.C. Sampdoria.'
'Alex Plante was born in Manitoba in 1989 and plays for Anyang Halla.'
'Alex Tyus plays for Maccabi Ashdod BC which is coached by Zvi Sherf and is in the Turkish Basketball Super League.'
'Alex Plante was born in Canada where the leader is Elizabeth II and the national anthem is O Canada.'
'Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow which is managed by Valery Petrakov and played in the 2014-15 season of the Russian Premier League.'
'Abner plays for Real Madrid Castilla and Coritiba Football Club. Luis Miguel Ramis is the manager of Real Madrid Castilla.'
'Akeem Adams is a member of the Trinidad and Tobago national under 20 football team and plays for United Petrotrin F.C., whose ground is in Palo Seco.'
'11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, the capital of which is Cape Town and Cyril Ramaphosa is a leader.'
'11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa where Jacob Zuma is a leader and Coloured people are an ethnic group.'
'11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa where Jacob Zuma is a leader and White South Africans are an ethnic group.'
'200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, United States, where Frank G Jackson is a leader.'
'250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo, New York, which is part of Erie County, New York.'
'300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, United States, where Rahm Emanuel is a leader.'
'3Arena, designed by HOK SVE, is located in Dublin and was completed in December 2008.'
'The 3Arena was designed by the company Populous and completed in December 2008. It is located in Dublin.'
'3Arena is located in Dublin, Republic of Ireland and is owned by Live Nation Entertainment.'
'Marriott International is a tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen, Denmark, which was designed by 3XN.'
'James Pain was the architect of Adare Manor which was completed in 1862 and owned by J.P. McManus.'
'Addis Ababa City Hall has a floor area of 140000.0 square metres and a height of 42 metres. The current tenants are the Government of Addis Ababa.'
'Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka and was completed in 1931. Its architectural style is Tudor Revival.'
'The Akita Museum of Art was inaugurated on 28 September 2013 and has 3 floors and a floor area of 3746.66 square metres.'
'The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan.'
'Alan B. Miller Hall is located in Virginia and was built on 30 March 2007. It is owned by the College of William and Mary.'
'Alan B. Miller Hall is located in Virginia and is owned by the College of William and Mary, whose chancellor is Robert Gates.'
'The Mason School of Business is located in Virginia, United States and is the current tenant of Alan B. Miller Hall.'
'Alan B. Miller Hall is located in Williamsburg, Virginia and was built on 30 March 2007. It is owned by the College of William and Mary.'
'Ampara Hospital is located in Ampara District, Sri Lanka and has 476 beds.'
'Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka where Ranil Wickremesinghe is a leader.'
'Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was constructed in 1911 and is located on U.S. Route 83. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1988-11-22.'
'Asilomar Conference Grounds, located in Pacific Grove, California, was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 27, 1987 and has the reference number 87000823.'
'Asser Levy Public Baths is located at Asser Levy Place and East 23rd Street and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980 with the reference number 80002709.'
'Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City, Manhattan, United States.'
'Amdavad ni Gufa is from India where T S Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders.'
'(410777) 2009 FD was discovered by Spacewatch and has an orbital period of 39447000.0 and a periapsis of 88234300000.0.'
'(66063) 1998 RO1 has a minimum temperature of -71.0 degrees Celsius and a maximum temperature of 500.0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 kilometres.'
'(66391) 1999 KW4 has an average speed of 37.16 kilometres per second, a density of 2.0 grams per cubic centimetres and an apoapsis of 162164091.8388 kilometres.'
'1001 Gaussia, formerly known as 1923 OAA907 XC, has an epoch date of June 27th 2015 and a periapsis of 419113394.55312 kilometres.'
'101 Helena was discovered by James Craig Watson who was from Canada and died in Madison, Wisconsin.'
'German Walter Baade discovered 1036 Ganymed and studied at the University of Gottingen.'
'103 Hera has an escape velocity of 0.0482 kilometres per second, a temperature of 170.0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 437170000.0 kilometres.'
'103 Hera has a mass of 7.9 kilograms, an escape velocity of 0.0482 km per sec and an apoapsis of 437170000.0 kilometres.'
'E. Wells discovered 107 Camilla which has a periapsis of 479343000.0 kilometres and an epoch date of December 31st 2006.'
'N.R. Pogson was born in Nottingham and discovered 107 Camilla which has an epoch date of December 31st 2006.'
'1097 Vicia has an epoch date of December 31st 2006, a periapsis of 279142000000.0 and an apoapsis of 511592000.0 kilometres.'
'1097 Vicia has an escape velocity of 0.0112 kilometres per second, a temperature of 171.0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 511592000.0 kilometres.'
'1099 Figneria has an escape velocity of 0.0155 kilometres per second, a temperature of 156.0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 605718000.0 kilometres.'
'10 Hygiea has a surface area of 837080.744 square kilometres, an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 kilometres and a temperature of 164.0 kelvins.'
'1101 Clematis has an epoch date of December 31st 2006, an orbital period of 183309000.0 and an apoapsis of 520906000.0 kilometres.'
'110 Lydia has an orbital period of 142603000.0, a periapsis of 377016000000.0 and an epoch date of December 31st 2006.'
'Abilene, Texas is 524 metres above sea level and has a total area of 286.5 square kilometres. It has a population density of 429.9 inhabitants per square kilometre.'
'Abilene is part of Texas in the United States, where the capital is Washington, D.C.'
'Albany is part of Dougherty County, Georgia in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group.'
'Albany is part of Linn County and Benton County in Oregon, United States.'
'Don Tripp is the leader of the New Mexico House of Representatives in Albuquerque, New Mexico, United States.'
'Albuquerque City Council is the leader of Albuquerque, New Mexico, United States. Richard J. Berry is the leader of Albuquerque.'
'Alpharetta is part of the state of Georgia in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group.'
'Amarillo is part of Potter County and Randall County in Texas, United States.'
'Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas in the United States, where Native Americans are an ethnic group.'
'Amarillo is part of Randall County, Texas in the United States, where Native Americans are an ethnic group.'
'Anaheim is part of Orange County, California, United States, which is part of the Greater Los Angeles Area.'
'The United States House of Representatives is located in the United States and leads Anaheim, Orange County, California.'
'Angola is part of Steuben County, Indiana in the United States, where Native Americans are an ethnic group.'
'Atlanta has an area code of 404, 678 and 470 and a total area of 347.1 square kilometres. It has a population density of 1299.0 inhabitants per square kilometre.'
'Atlanta is part of the state of Georgia in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group.'
'Atlanta is part of DeKalb County, Georgia, in the United States.'
'Auburn is part of Lee County in Alabama, United States.'
'Auburn is part of the state of Washington in the United States. Olympia is the capital of the state.'
'Austin, Texas is located in the United States, where Americans live and African Americans are an ethnic group.'
'Anderson is part of Madison County, Indiana, United States.'
'Alexandria is part of Madison County, Indiana, United States. Anderson is the largest city in Madison County.'
'Abilene is part of Jones County, Texas in the United States, where the capital is Washington, D.C.'
'Abilene is part of Taylor County, Texas in the United States, where the capital is Washington, D.C.'
'Albany is part of Oregon in the United States, where the capital is Washington DC.'
'Auburn is part of King County, Washington, in the United States, where the capital is Washington, D.C.'
'Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in the United States, where English is the language and African Americans are an ethnic group.'
'Albany, Oregon is located in the United States, where English is the language and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.'
'Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in the United States, where Barack Obama is a leader and Native Americans are an ethnic group.'
'Angola, Indiana is in the United States, where English is the language and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.'
'The United States House of Representatives is located in the United States and is part of the United States Congress. Anaheim, California is led by the United States House of Representatives.'
'Auron is a comic character created by Karl Kesel, an American, and Walt Simonson.'
'Bananaman is broadcasted by the BBC which is based in London. Tony Hall, Baron Hall of Birkenhead is a key person at the BBC.'
'Bananaman, starring Bill Oddie, was broadcasted by STV on October 3rd 1983.'
'Baymax first appeared in Big Hero 6 and was created by Steven T. Seagle and Duncan Rouleau.'
'Bibbo Bibbowski, whose full name is Bo Bibbowski, was created by Jerry Ordway and Marv Wolfman.'
'Blockbuster, also known as Roland Desmond, was created by Roger Stern and Tom Lyle.'
'Bolt, whose alternative name is Larry Bolatinsky, was created by Ernie Colon and Dan Mishkin.'
'Bolt, also known as Larry Bolatinsky, was created by Paris Cullins and Dan Mishkin.'
'AmeriGas is in the energy industry in the United States and has an operating income of $380,700,000.'
'Chinabank was founded in Manila, Insular Government of the Philippine Islands, in the Philippines.'
'GMA New Media, a media company, is in the entertainment industry and produces content for the World Wide Web.'
'GMA New Media, located in Quezon City, Philippines, is in the mass media industry.'
'Felipe Gozon is a key person at GMA New Media, whose parent company is GMA Network, a public company.'
'Hypermarcas, a S.A. corporation, was founded on 2001-01-01 and has a net income of 108600000.'
'Hypermarcas, which has 10252 employees, has a net income of 108600000 and a revenue of 1800000000.'
'Hypermarcas is located in So Paulo and was founded on 2001-01-01. Mantecorp is a subsidiary of Hypermarcas.'
'Trane was founded in La Crosse, Wisconsin which has a total area of 58.38. Trane is a subsidiary.'
'Trane was founded in La Crosse, Wisconsin in Ireland, which is located in Europe.'
'Trane has a revenue of $10,264,000,000 and a net income of $556,300,000. Trane has 29000 employees.'
'Bread is an ingredient in Ajoblanco, a dish from Spain. Ajoblanco is also known as Ajo blanco.'
'Ajoblanco is a dish from the Andalusia region of Spain and contains water.'
'Joko Widodo and Jusuf Kalla are leaders in Indonesia where Arem-arem is a traditional dish.'
'Arem-arem is a food found nationwide in Indonesia, but is more specific to Java. The leader of Indonesia is Jusuf Kalla.'
'Arrabbiata sauce comes from Italy where the leader is Sergio Mattarella and the language spoken is Italian.'
'Arrabbiata sauce is from the region of Rome, Italy and contains chili pepper.'
'Arrabbiata sauce is from the region of Rome, Italy and contains garlic.'
'Arrs negre is a dish from the Catalonia region of Spain. It contains squid.'
'Arrs negre is a dish from the region of the Valencian Community in Spain and contains cuttlefish.'
'Asam pedas is a dish from the region of Sumatra and Malay Peninsula in Malaysia. The main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce.'
'Ayam penyet is a dish from Java, Malaysia. The main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal.'
'Bacon Explosion is a dish from the United States and contains bacon and sausage.'
'Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, where the capital is Washington DC and Native Americans are an ethnic group.'
'Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, where Barack Obama is a leader and the capital is Washington D.C.'
'The Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where John Roberts is a leader and African Americans are an ethnic group.'
'Condiment is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of a BLT. It comes from the United Kingdom.'
'Meringue is an ingredient in Baked Alaska, a dish from the New York region of France.'
'Baked Alaska is a dish from the New York region of the United States. Sponge cake is an ingredient in Baked Alaska.'
'Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which is a dessert. Cookies are also a dessert.'
'Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which is a dessert. Sandesh is a confectionery dessert.'
'Bandeja paisa is a dish from the Antioquia Department in Colombia. Kidney beans are an ingredient in Bandeja paisa.'
'Barny cakes come from France where Gérard Larcher and Claude Bartolone are leaders.'
'Barny cakes, which can be served with apple, contain 18.0g of carbohydrate and 1.8g of protein.'
'Beef kway teow comes from Singapore where the currency is the Singapore dollar and the leader is Halimah Yacob.'
'Oyster sauce is an ingredient in Beef kway teow which comes from Indonesia and Singapore.'
'Beef kway teow is a dish from the region of Singapore which is led by Tony Tan. Beef kway teow can also be found in Indonesia.'
'Bhajji is a dish from India and contains gram flour and vegetables.'
'Bhajji comes from India where the people are called Indians and the leader is T S Thakur.'
'T S Thakur and Narendra Modi are leaders in India where Bhajji comes from.'
'Bhajji is a dish from the Karnataka region. The main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables.'
'Binignit is a dish from the Philippines. The main ingredients are banana and sweet potato.'
'Sour cream is an ingredient in Bionico, a dessert from Mexico.'
'Raisin is an ingredient in Bionico, a dish from the Jalisco region of Mexico.'
'Celery belongs to the genus Apium and the family Apiaceae. It is an ingredient in Bakso.'
'Granola is an ingredient in Bionico which is a dessert. Cake is another dessert.'
'Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia, the capital of which is Jakarta. Bakso is a food found in Indonesia.'
'Ayam penyet comes from the region of Singapore and is found in Java where the Baduy are an ethnic group.'
'The Banyumasan people are an ethnic group in Java. Ayam penyet can be found nationwide and also in Malaysia and Singapore.'
'Arrs negre is a dish from Spain, where the language is Spanish and the leader is Felipe VI of Spain.'
'The 1955 Dodge, also known as the Dodge Coronet, has a V8 engine and a hardtop.'
'The 1955 Dodge, also known as the Dodge Coronet, has a V8 engine and a 3-speed automatic transmission.'
'The A-Rosa Luna is 125800.0 millimetres long and was ordered on the 22nd of January 2004. It is a cruise ship.'
'AIDA Cruises is located in Germany and operates the AIDAstella which is owned by Costa Crociere.'
'The ALCO RS-3 was built by the Montreal Locomotive Works and has 12 cylinders and a length of 17068.8 millimetres.'
'ALV X-1 originates from the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group and Americans are a demonym.'
'The AMC Matador was assembled in Kenosha, Wisconsin in 1974 and is related to the AMC Ambassador.'
'The AMC Matador was assembled in Port Melbourne, Victoria in 1971 and is related to the AMC Ambassador.'
'Gruppo Bertone was founded in Turin, Italy and designed the Abarth 1000 GT Coupe.'
'The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built at the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard in Finland, where the Finns live.'
'The Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Italy, the capital of which is Rome. The Alfa Romeo 164 and Lancia Thema are related means of transport.'
'The Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Arese and is related to the Fiat Croma and Lancia Thema.'
'The Alhambra has a ship beam of 8.3m and a length of 63800.0 millimetres. It was wrecked.'
'The Alvis Speed 25 was manufactured by the Alvis Car and Engineering Company which was founded in Coventry and was succeeded by the Rover Company.'
'Roy D. Chapin Jr. was a key person at American Motors which manufactured the AMC Matador. Eagle succeeded American Motors.'
'The Antares rocket was manufactured by the Yuzhnoye Design Office and launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. Its maiden flight was on April 21st 2013.'
'The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) is from Argentina where the capital is Buenos Aires and the leader is Mauricio Macri.'
'The Aston Martin V8, assembled in Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, United Kingdom, has a 5.3 litre engine and is related to the Aston Martin RHAM/1.'
'The Aston Martin V8, assembled in Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, United Kingdom, has a 5.3 litre engine and is related to the Aston Martin DBS.'
'The Aston Martin V8 was succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage which was manufactured by Aston Martin. The Aston Martin V8 is related to the Aston Martin RHAM/1.'
'Atlas II originates from the United States, where Native Americans are an ethnic group and the leader is known as the President.'
'The Audi A1 has a 1.2 litre engine and a hatchback body style. It is assembled in Audi Brussels.'
'The Audi A1 is manufactured by Audi and is related to the SEAT Ibiza and the Volkswagen Polo.'
'The AIDAluna is powered by a Caterpillar Inc. engine which was founded in California and is located in Peoria, Illinois.'
'The AIDAluna is powered by a Caterpillar Inc. engine. Douglas R. Oberhelman is a key person at Caterpillar Inc. which is located in the United States.'
'The Ariane 5 was launched from the ELA-3 at the Guiana Space Centre in Kourou, French Guiana.'
'The Ariane 5 was launched from the ELA-3 at the Guiana Space Centre in French Guiana.'
'The ALV X-1 originates from the United States where White Americans are an ethnic group and Americans are a demonym.'
'The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania, which has Franklin County to its west and Frederick County, Maryland to its southwest.'
'Azerbaijan is led by Artur Rasizade and is the location of the Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial which is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku.'
'The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial, designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner, is located in Azerbaijan and dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku.'
'The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner and is located in Azerbaijan, led by Artur Rasizade.'
'The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner and is located in Azerbaijan. The native name of the memorial is "Türk Sehitleri Aniti".'
'Aaron S. Daggett was born in Maine and fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg. He was awarded the Purple Heart.'
'Ab Klink was born in the Netherlands and studied at Erasmus University in Rotterdam. He is a member of the Christian Democratic Appeal party.'
'Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and lives in Sarawak. He is a member of the Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak party.'
'Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri, Malaysia and lives in Sarawak. He is a member of the Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak party.'
'Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President. Mike Akhigbe succeeded Oladipo Diya and was succeeded by Atiku Abubakar.'
'Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President. Mike Akhigbe succeeded Oladipo Diya. Abdulsalami Abubakar was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo.'
'Abdulsalami Abubakar served in the Nigerian Air Force and was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo who was in office while Atiku Abubakar was Vice President.'
'Abel Caballero was born in Galicia, Spain and worked as the Minister of Transport.'
'Abel Caballero was born in Galicia, Spain and was in office during the reign of Juan Carlos I of Spain, whose predecessor was Francisco Franco.'
'Abner W. Sibal served in the United States Army and fought in World War II. Chiang Kai-shek was a commander in World War II.'
'Casey Ribicoff was born in Chicago and was married to Abraham A. Ribicoff who worked as the United States Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare.'
'Adam Holloway was born in Kent and attended Magdalene College in Cambridge. He is a member of the Conservative Party in the UK.'
'Adam Koc fought in the Polish–Soviet War and was awarded the Order of Polonia Restituta and the Cross of Valour (Poland).'
'Adam Koc was born in Congress Poland and fought in the Polish–Soviet War where Leon Trotsky was a commander.'
'Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece and worked as the Minister for Health.'
'Agnes Kant was born in West Germany and graduated from Radboud University Nijmegen. She worked for the Socialist Party in the Netherlands.'
'Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendorf and graduated from Radboud University Nijmegen. She worked at the House of Representatives in the Netherlands.'
'Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands, where Mark Rutte is a leader. She worked at the House of Representatives in the Netherlands.'
'Airey Neave fought in the Battle of France and ended his career on 30th March 1979. He was awarded the Order of the British Empire.'
'Airey Neave started his career on March 4th 1974 and ended it on March 30th 1979. He fought in the Battle of France.'
'Airey Neave fought in World War II and was awarded the Military Cross. He ended his career on 30th March 1979.'
'Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island, United States and died in the New Mexico Territory.'
'Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, County of Tyrol and died in Graz.'
'Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, Tyrol, and died in Graz.'
'Allan Shivers, a member of the Democratic Party in the United States, was a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 (Port Arthur) and was succeeded by Price Daniel.'
'Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia, Vermont on 23rd October 1793 and worked as the Secretary of the State of Vermont.'
'Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia, Vermont and was a member of the Whig Party in the United States, led by Daniel Webster.'
'Alfred Moore Scales fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg which was part of the American Civil War. Abraham Lincoln was a commander in the American Civil War.'
'Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria-Hungary and died in Austria where Doris Bures is a leader.'
'Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst and died in Austria where Doris Bures is a leader.'
'Aaron S Daggett fought in the Battle of Cold Harbor which was part of the American Civil War. Robert E Lee was a commander in the American Civil War.'
'Adam Koc is a national of Poland where the language is Polish and Kashubians are an ethnic group.'
'A.C. Cesena play in Serie B and have 23900 members. Their ground is in Cesena.'
'Massimo Drago manages A.C. Cesena and plays for S.S.D. Potenza Calcio and Calcio Catania.'
'A.C. Lumezzane played in the Liga Pro/A in 2014 and has 4150 members.'
'A.D. Isidro Metapan, whose full name is Isidro Metapan, plays at the Estadio Jorge Calero Suarez and has 10000 members.'
'A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece where Nikos Voutsis and Prokopis Pavlopoulos are leaders.'
'The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker who plays for Drogheda United F.C. and Runcorn F.C. Halton.'
'Stuart Parker, who plays for Drogheda United F.C. and Stockport County F.C., is the manager of A.F.C. Blackpool.'
'Stuart Parker plays for KV Mechelen and Irlam Town F.C. and is the manager of A.F.C. Blackpool.'
'A.F.C. Fylde, full name Association Football Club Fylde, has 3180 members and their ground is in Warton, Fylde.'
'A.S. Livorno Calcio is managed by Christian Panucci who plays for Genoa C.F.C. and Real Madrid C.F.'
'Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. is the full name of A.S. Roma which has its ground in Rome, Italy and has 70634 members.'
'AEK Athens F.C. play in the Superleague Greece and have 69618 members. Their ground is in Athens.'
'AFC Ajax (amateurs) played in the Hoofdklasse league in 2014 and has 5000 members.'
'Qaraba FK are champions of the Azerbaijan Premier League, which AZAL PFK play in the AZAL Arena.'
'AZ Alkmaar, whose full name is Alkmaar Zaanstreek, played in the 2014 season and has 17023 members.'
'John van den Brom manages AZ Alkmaar and plays for Vitesse Arnhem and De Graafschap.'
'Agremiaço Sportiva Arapiraquense play at the Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca ground. They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league where Vila Nova Futebol Clube are champions.'
'Agremiaço Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil where Vila Nova Futebol Clube are champions.'
'Akron Summit Assault play at St. Vincent-St. Mary High School and are in the Premier Development League, where K-W United FC are champions.'
'Akron Summit Assault, which has 3000 members, play in the Premier Development League, whose champions are K-W United FC.'
'The ground of AS Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where the people are known as Italians and the leader is Sergio Mattarella.'
'The Olympic Stadium (Athens) is located in Athens where Giorgos Kaminis is mayor. The ground of AEK Athens F.C. is the Olympic Stadium (Athens).'
'The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Switzerland is led by Mario Botta and has 600 students.'
'The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India has the motto "Nurturing Excellence".'
'B.M. Reddy is the president of the Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India.'
'The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and offers tennis which is governed by the International Tennis Federation.'
'AWH Engineering College is located in India where the largest city is Mumbai and the Ganges is a river.'
'The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania where Klaus Iohannis is the Prime Minister.'
'The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania, where Andrew the Apostle is the patron saint. The latin name of the university is Universitas Apulensis.'
'The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff and 16,000 students.'
'1634: The Bavarian Crisis was written in print by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint and has the ISBN number 978-1-4165-4253-7.'
'Eric Flint was born in Burbank, California and wrote 1634: The Baltic War which was preceded by 1634: The Bavarian Crisis.'
'1634: The Ram Rebellion is an E-book written by Eric Flint and has 512 pages.'
'1634: The Ram Rebellion, written by Eric Flint, is available in hardcover and has the ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0.'
'1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint, Virginia DeMarce, et al and is available as an E-book. It has 512 pages.'
'ACM Transactions on Information Systems (abbreviated to ACM Trans. Inf. Syst.) is in the academic discipline of Computer Science and has the ISSN number 1046-8188.'
'ACM Transactions on Information Systems is in the academic discipline of Computer Science and has the abbreviated name ACM Trans. Inf. Syst. It has the ISSN number 1558-2868.'
'The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins in the United Kingdom, where Elizabeth II is the leader.'
'AIP Advances is published by the American Institute of Physics and is edited by A.T. Charlie Johnson, who lives in the United States.'
'AIP Advances is edited by A.T. Charlie Johnson and has the abbreviation AIP Adv. It has the code AAIDBI.'
'A Glastonbury Romance is available in hardcover and has the OCLC number 76798317 and the ISBN number 0-7156-3648-0.'
'A Long Long Way was written in English, the language spoken in Great Britain. It was followed by The Secret Scripture.'
'A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group.'
'A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States which is led by Barack Obama.'
'A Severed Wasp is in print and has the OCLC number 8805735. It has the libraryofCongress classification of PS3523.E55 S4 1982.'
'A Severed Wasp is in print and has 388 pages. It has the ISBN number 0-374-26131-8.'
'A Wizard of Mars, written by Diane Duane, is available in hardcover and has the OCLC number 318875313.'
'A Wizard of Mars, written by Diane Duane, is available in hardcover and has the ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2.'
'Above the Veil was written by Australians and was preceded by Aenir and Castle.'
'Acta Mathematica Hungarica, abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar, has the LCCN number 83646315 and the ISSN number 1588-2632.'
'Acta Mathematica Hungarica, abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar, is in the academic discipline of Mathematics and has the ISSN number 0236-5294.'
'The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica, abbreviated to Acta Palaeontol. Pol., has the ISSN number 1732-2421 and the LCCN number 60040714.'
'Addiction (journal), abbreviated to Addiction, is in the academic discipline of Addiction and has the ISSN number 0965-2140.'
'Garth Nix is the author of Aenir which was published in print and has the OCLC number 45644811.'
'Garth Nix is the author of Aenir which is in print and has the ISBN number 0-439-17684-0.'
'The American Journal of Mathematics, abbreviated to Am. J. Math, is in the academic discipline of Mathematics and has the ISSN number 1080-6377.'
'The American Journal of Mathematics, abbreviated to Am. J. Math., was first published in 1878 and has the ISSN number 1080-6377.'
'SAGE Publications, founded by Sara Miller McCune, publishes the Administrative Science Quarterly, abbreviated to Admin. Sci. Q.'
'The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins in the United Kingdom, where David Cameron is a leader.'
'A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States, where Barack Obama is a leader and African Americans are an ethnic group.'
'Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States, where English is the language and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.'
'Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene, Texas in the United States. The airport has a runway length of 1121.0.'
'Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas, Spain and is operated by ENAIRE, which is located in Madrid.'
'Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas and is operated by ENAIRE. The runway name is 18R/36L and the runway length is 3500.0.'
'Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand. It is 167.94 metres above sea level.'
'Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand. Ram Naik is the leader of Uttar Pradesh.'
'Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which is involved in the bombing of Libya in 1986. The Lockheed AC-130 is an attack aircraft and the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon is an aircraft fighter.'
'Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which has the Lockheed AC-130 as an attack aircraft and the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon as an aircraft fighter. Operation Enduring Freedom was fought by the United States Air Force.'
'Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which is involved in Operation Enduring Freedom. The Lockheed AC-130 is an attack aircraft and the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle is an aircraft fighter.'
'Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which fought in the Invasion of Grenada. The Lockheed AC-130 is an attack aircraft and the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon is an aircraft fighter.'
'Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan. The airport is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority, whose headquarters are at Jinnah International Airport. Punjab is led by the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab.'
'Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan and serves the city of Alpena. The airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533.0.'
'Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam and is -3.3528 metres above sea level. The runway name is 06/24 Kaagbaan and the runway length is 2014.0.'
'Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States, where the language spoken is English and the people are known as Texans.'
'Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States, where the language spoken is Spanish and the people are called Texans.'
'Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States, where the largest city is Houston and the capital is Austin.'
'Angola International airport is located in colo e Bengo, Luanda Province, Angola. It is 159 metres above sea level.'
'Antwerp International Airport is owned by the Flemish Region and operated by the Flemish Government. It is 12.0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600.0.'
'Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin, which is part of Ellington and Little Chute, Wisconsin. It serves the city of Appleton, Wisconsin.'
'Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is 34 metres above sea level. The 3rd runway is made of Poaceae and the runway name is 07/25. The runway length is 518.0.'
'Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is 34 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1411.0. The 3rd runway is made of Poaceae and the runway name is 03L/21R.'
'Ashgabat International Airport is located in Ashgabat and is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines. The airport is 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2989.0.'
'Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey and is 23 metres above sea level. The runway length is 3048.0 and the runway name is 4/22.'
'The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastian de los Reyes, Madrid, Spain and is operated by ENAIRE.'
'Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States and has a runway length of 3048.0.'
'The surface type of the 2nd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is Poaceae, which belongs to the class Monocotyledon and is in the division of flowering plants. Poaceae is in the order of Commelinids.'
'Aaron Bertram is a Ska punk musician who plays for the band Kids Imagine Nation and Suburban Legends. Brian Robertson is a trombonist for the Suburban Legends.'
'Aaron Deer is a solo singer from Indianapolis, Indiana. He performs Psychedelia music.'
'Aaron Turner started performing electroacoustic music in 1995 and is a member of Old Man Gloom and Lotus Eaters.'
'Aaron Turner started performing in 1995 and is a member of the Lotus Eaters and Twilight bands. His musical genre is post-metal.'
'Aaron Turner started performing in 1995 and is a member of the band Twilight and Old Man Gloom. His musical genre is post metal.'
'Aaron Turner plays the electric guitar and is a member of the band Twilight. His musical genre is black metal which is a musical fusion of death metal.'
'Aaron Turner performs black metal music and sings for Mamiffer. Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal.'
'Ace Wilder was born in Stockholm on July 23rd, 1982. He is a solo singer.'
'Agustin Barboza was born in Asuncion, Paraguay. He is a solo singer and performs Guarania music.'
'Al Anderson was born in Windsor, Connecticut and started his career in 1966. He is a member of the band NRBQ and The Wildweeds.'
'Alan Frew plays rock music which has its origins in blues and folk music. Bhangra is a fusion genre of rock music.'
'Albennie Jones was born in the United States in 1914. She is a rhythm and blues solo singer.'
'Albennie Jones is a solo singer who performs rhythm and blues music. Disco is a derivative of rhythm and blues which originated from the blues.'
'Aleksandra Kovac was born in Belgrade in 1972. She is a solo singer and performs pop music.'
'Solo singer Aleksandra Kovac was born in the Socialist Republic of Serbia in 1972. She performs pop music.'
'Aleksandra Kovac was born in Belgrade in 1972. She is a solo singer and performs rhythm and blues music.'
'Alex Day started performing electronic music in 2006 and is associated with the band Chameleon Circuit and Charlie McDonnell.'
'Alex Day is a solo singer who performs Synthpop music. Synthpop originated from pop music and is a derivative of house music.'
"Alison O'Donnell started performing folk music in 1963 and is a member of the bands Mellow Candle and Head South by Weaving."
"Alison O'Donnell performs jazz music and is signed to Deram Records in London and Fruits de Mer Records."
'Anders Osborne performs rock music and is associated with Billy Iuso, Tab Benoit and Galactic.'
'Anders Osborne performs rock music and is associated with Billy Iuso and Tab Benoit. He is a member of the Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars band.'
'Andrew Rayel performs trance music which originated from pop music. He is associated with Bobina and Christian Burns.'
'Andrew Rayel started performing trance music in 2009 and is associated with Christian Burns and Jonathan Mendelsohn.'
'Andrew Rayel plays trance music which originated from pop music. He is associated with Jwaydan Moyine and John Digweed.'
'Andrew White started performing in 2003 and is signed to Polydor Records. He is a member of the band Kaiser Chiefs and is associated with Marry Banilow.'
'Agustin Barboza died in Asuncion, Gran Asunción, Paraguay, where Juan Afara is the leader.'
'Andrew Rayel is associated with Armin van Buuren, Bobina, Mark Sixma, Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano, Alexandre Bergheau, Jonny Rose, Sylvia Tosun, Lira Yin and Alexandra Badoi. Christian Burns performs house music.'
'Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, England, which is part of Greater Manchester. Manchester is led by the Labour Party in the UK.'
'Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay. The country is led by Tabaré Vázquez and its inhabitants are known as Uruguayans.'
'Alan Bean, a US national, was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 12 which was commanded by David Scott.'
'Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire and graduated from NWC in 1957 with an M.A. He retired on 1 August 1974.'
'Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He was a test pilot.'
'Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and served as a test pilot on the NASA operated Apollo 14.'
'Alan Bean was a crew member of Apollo 12 which was operated by NASA and was commanded by David Scott. Alfred Worden was a backup pilot on Apollo 12.'
'Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, Essex County, New Jersey, United States. Joe Biden is the leader of the United States.'
'Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas. He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin and died in St Louis.'
'Elliot See graduated from the University of Texas at Austin and died in St Louis on February 28th 1966. He was a test pilot.'
'Elliot See graduated from the University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated to the University of Texas System. He died in St Louis, part of the Kingdom of France.'
'Elliot See was born in Dallas on 23rd July 1927 and died in St Louis on 28th February 1966.'
'William Anders was a crew member of Apollo 8 and he retired on 1969-09-01. Frank Borman was a commander and Buzz Aldrin was a backup pilot.'
'Abel Hernández plays for Pearol and is a member of the Central Espaol youth club. He also plays for Hull City A.F.C. which is managed by Steve Bruce.'
'Abel Hernández played youth football for Pearol and now plays for U.S. Città di Palermo who play in Serie A and are managed by Giuseppe Iachini.'
'Adam McQuaid was drafted to the Columbus Blue Jackets, based in Columbus, Ohio. He now plays for the Boston Bruins, whose general manager is Don Sweeney.'
'Akeem Ayers was born on 10 July 1989 and made his debut for the Tennessee Titans. He played for the New England Patriots and the New England Patriots.'
'Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia on 27 September 1987. He played for the Houston Texans.'
'Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC which is managed by Amar Osim and is based in Al Khor. He also plays for Shabab Al-Ordon Club.'
'Alan Martin plays for Accrington Stanley F.C. which is based in Accrington. He also plays for Clyde F.C. which is managed by Barry Ferguson.'
'Alan Martin was born on January 1st 1989. He is 185.42 cm tall and plays for Hamilton Academical F.C. and Crewe Alexandra F.C.'
'Alan Martin plays for Motherwell F.C., whose ground is Fir Park. He also plays for Clyde F.C., managed by Barry Ferguson.'
'Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Dinamo Batumi which is managed by Levan Khomeriki. FC Samtredia play at the Erosi Manjgaladze Stadium.'
'Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv and for Olympique Lyonnais, whose ground is the Parc Olympique Lyonnais, whose chairman is Jean-Michel Aulas.'
'Alex Plante was born in Brandon, Manitoba on May 9th 1989. He played for Anyang Halla.'
'Alex Plante was born in Canada where the leader is Elizabeth II and the anthem is O Canada. Black Canadians are an ethnic group in Canada.'
'Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada, where Elizabeth II is a leader and Slavey is a language spoken. O Canada is the national anthem of Canada and Aaron Boogaard was born there.'
'Alan Martin plays for Clyde F.C., whose ground is the Broadwood Stadium and is managed by Barry Ferguson. He also plays for Barrow A.F.C.'
'Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Samtredia who play at the Erosi Manjgaladze Stadium. Oleh Luzhny is the manager of FC Karpaty Lviv.'
'Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow which is managed by Valery Petrakov and its chairman is Aleksandr Tukmanov. FC Torpedo Moscow played in the 2014-15 season in the Russian Premier League.'
'Akeem Dent made his debut for the Atlanta Falcons who are based in Atlanta. He played for the Houston Texans who are owned by Bob McNair.'
'Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen II in the Bundesliga. Viktor Skrypnyk is the manager of SV Werder Bremen.'
'11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, the capital of which is Cape Town. Cyril Ramaphosa is the leader of South Africa, where one of the ethnic groups are the Asian South Africans.'
'11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, the capital of which is Cape Town. Asian South Africans and White South Africans are ethnic groups in South Africa.'
'200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio, governed by Cleveland City Council.'
'250 Delaware Avenue, which has 12 floors, was built in the postmodern style in January 2014 and has a floor area of 30843.8 square metres.'
'300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, DuPage County, Illinois, United States. Susana Mendoza is the leader of Chicago.'
'3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment and is located in Dublin, Republic of Ireland. The leader of Dublin is Crona N Dhálaigh.'
'3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment and is located in Dublin, Republic of Ireland. The leader of Dublin is Crona N Dhálaigh.'
'The AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen, Denmark is owned by Bella Center and has 23 floors. Marriott International is a tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen.'
'The AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen was designed by 3XN and has 23 floors. The hotel is owned by the Bella Center and is leased to Marriott International.'
'Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka and was completed in 1931. Its architectural style is Tudor and Jacabian and was started in 1927.'
'Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka. The capital of Sri Lanka is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and the language spoken is Tamil.'
'Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka and was built in the Tudor Revival style in 1927. It was completed in 1931.'
'The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita which is part of Akita Prefecture in Japan. Filipinos are an ethnic group in Japan.'
'The Mason School of Business in the United States is the current tenant of Alan B. Miller Hall in Virginia, which was designed by Robert A.M. Stern.'
'The Mason School of Business is located in the United States and is the current tenant of Alan B. Miller Hall, which was completed on 1 June 2009.'
'Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, India, where Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders.'
'Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. Its address is Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, near CEPT University, opp. Gujarat University, University Road.'
'Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. The leader of India is T S Thakur.'
'Ampara Hospital is in the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka, where the currency is the Sri Lankan rupee and the leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe.'
'Julia Morgan was born in San Francisco and designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds, the Los Angeles Herald Examiner and the Asilomar State Beach.'
'Julia Morgan was born in California and designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds, the Los Angeles Herald Examiner and the Riverside Art Museum.'
'Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, New York, United States, which is part of Manhattan and New Netherland.'
'103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin, who was born in Birmingham, which is led by John Clancy, a Labour politician. Birmingham has the postal code B.'
'Addis Ababa Stadium and Addis Ababa City Hall are located in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia. Mulatu Teshome is the leader of Ethiopia.'
'250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, the capital of which is Washington D.C. Paul Ryan is the President of the United States.'
'(19255) 1994 VK8 has a mass of 5.6 kilograms, an orbital period of 8788850000.0 and a periapsis of 6155910000000.0. Its epoch date is 31 December 2006 and its periapsis is 6155910000000.0.'
'19255 1994 VK8 has an escape velocity of 0.0925 kilometres per second, an orbital period of 8788850000.0, a periapsis of 6155910000000.0 and an epoch date of December 31st 2006.'
'(66063) 1998 RO1 has an orbital period of 360.29 days, an escape velocity of 0.0999 kilometres per second and an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 kilometres. Its epoch date is 2013-11-04.'
'(66063) 1998 RO1 has a mean temperature of 265.0 kelvins, an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 kilometres and an orbital period of 360.29 days. Its epoch date is 2013-11-04.'
'Sergey Belyavsky discovered 1001 Gaussia which was formerly known as 1923 OAA907 XC and has an epoch date of June 27th 2015. It has a periapsis of 419113394.55312 kilometres.'
'101 Helena was discovered by James Craig Watson, a Canadian, who died in Madison, Wisconsin on December 31st 2006.'
'Walter Baade was born in the German Empire and graduated from the University of Gottingen. He discovered 1036 Ganymed and died in Gottingen.'
'Walter Baade was born in Preußisch Oldendorf and graduated from the University of Gottingen. He discovered 1036 Ganymed and Halton Arp was his doctoral student.'
'James Craig Watson, a Canadian, discovered 103 Hera which has an epoch date of August 27th 2011 and died in Madison, Wisconsin.'
'103 Hera was discovered by James Craig Watson, a Canadian, who died in Madison, Wisconsin, of peritonitis.'
'107 Camilla was discovered by E Wells and has a periapsis of 479343000.0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 560937000.0 kilometres. Its epoch date is 31 December 2006.'
'N.R. Pogson was born in Nottingham and died in Chennai. He discovered 107 Camilla on March 1st 2001.'
'1097 Vicia has a mass of 9.8 kilograms, an orbital period of 135589000.0 and a periapsis of 279142000000.0. Its epoch date is 31 December 2006 and its periapsis is 279142000000.0.'
'1099 Figneria has a mass of 2.7 kgs, an orbital period of 179942000.0 and a periapsis of 349206000000.0. Its epoch date is 31 December 2006 and its periapsis is 349206000000.0.'
'Abilene is part of Texas in the United States, where English is spoken. Washington DC is the capital of the United States.'
'Albany is part of Georgia in the United States, where Americans live and African Americans are an ethnic group.'
'Albany is part of Georgia in the United States, where English is the language and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.'
'Albany is part of Oregon in the United States, where the capital is Salem and African Americans are an ethnic group.'
'Albuquerque, New Mexico has an area code of 505, 575 and a total area of 490.9 square kilometres. It has a land area of 486.2 square kilometres and a population density of 1142.3 inhabitants per square kilometre.'
'Amarillo is part of Potter County in Texas, United States. The capital of the United States is Washington, D.C.'
'Anaheim is part of Orange County, California, United States. Orange County is part of the Greater Los Angeles area. Anaheim is led by the California State Assembly.'
'Angola is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, Indiana, United States. It has a total area of 16.55 square kilometres.'
'Angola is part of Steuben County, Indiana, in the United States, where Americans live and Native Americans are an ethnic group.'
'Antioch, California has an area code of 925 and a total area of 75.324 square kilometres. It has a population of 102372 and a utc offset of -7.'
'Attica is part of Logan Township, Fountain County, Indiana. It has a total area of 4.14 square kilometres and a population density of 783.1 inhabitants per square kilometre.'
'Attica is part of Logan Township, Fountain County, Indiana, United States. It has a total area of 4.14 square kilometres and a population density of 783.1 inhabitants per square kilometre.'
'Attica is part of Fountain County, Indiana in the United States. It has a total area of 4.14 square kilometres and a population density of 783.1 inhabitants per square kilometre.'
'Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama in the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.'
'Auburn is part of Pierce County, Washington in the United States. It has a total area of 77.41 square kilometres.'
'Auburn is part of Pierce County, Washington, in the United States, where the capital is Washington, D.C.'
'Auburn is part of Pierce County, King County, Washington, in the United States, where the capital is Washington, D.C.'
'Austin, Texas has a population density of 1296.65 inhabitants per square kilometre, an area of land of 686.0 square kilometres and a total area of 703.95 square kilometres. The area code for Austin is 512.'
'Antioch is part of Contra Costa County, California, which is part of the San Francisco Bay Area. Spanish is spoken in California.'
'Anderson is part of Adams Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States. Indianapolis is the capital of Indiana.'
'Anderson is part of Lafayette Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States. Indianapolis is the capital of Indiana.'
'Albany is part of Linn County, Oregon in the United States, where the capital is Washington DC and Native Americans are an ethnic group.'
'Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States, the capital of which is Washington DC. Akron is part of Summit County, Ohio, in the United States.'
'Albany is part of Dougherty County, Georgia, in the United States, where Americans live and where Native Americans are an ethnic group.'
'Akron is part of Summit County, Ohio, in the United States, where Americans live. One of the ethnic groups in the U.S. are Asian Americans.'
'Angola is part of Steuben County, Indiana, in the United States, where English is the language and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.'
'The United States House of Representatives is located in the United States and is part of the United States Congress. Anaheim, California is led by the United States House of Representatives. English is the language spoken in the United States.'
'Bananaman, which starred Tim Brooke-Taylor, was created by Steve Bright and first aired on STV on October 3rd 1983.'
'Bolt, whose alternative name is Larry Bolatinsky, was created by Dan Mishkin and Ernie Colon, a Puerto Rican national.'
'Duncan Rouleau is an American who created the character of Baymax, who appeared in the film Big Hero 6 starring Damon Wayans Jr.'
'Duncan Rouleau is an American who created the character Baymax, who appeared in the film Big Hero 6 starring Jamie Chin.'
'Duncan Rouleau is an American who created the character Baymax, who appeared in the film Big Hero 6 starring Maya Rudolph.'
'AmeriGas is located in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania, United States, which has a total area of 9833516.63 square kilometres and is in the North American Eastern Time Zone.'
'AmeriGas is located in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania, United States. The country was founded on July 4th, 1776 and has a total area of 9833516.63 square kilometres.'
'Chinabank was founded on August 16th, 1920 and has 295 locations. It has 5594 employees and a net income of $115,100,000,000.'
'GMA New Media, located in Quezon City, produces web sites and has a subsidiary called Philippine Entertainment Portal.'
'GMA New Media is located at the GMA Network Center in the Philippines and produces mobile applications. Felipe Gozon is a key person at GMA New Media.'
'Hypermarcas, which is a S.A. corporation, was founded on 01-01-2001 and is in the pharmaceutical industry. Its key person is the CEO.'
'Hypermarcas is located in So Paulo, Brazil and produces drugs. The leader of Brazil is the President of the Supreme Federal Court.'
'Hypermarcas, located in So Paulo, produces healthcare products and has 10252 employees. Hypermarcas has a revenue of 1800000000.'
'Bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil are the main ingredients of Ajoblanco, a dish from Andalusia, Spain.'
'Ajoblanco, also known as Ajo blanco, is a dish from Andalusia, Spain. It contains water.'
'Arem-arem is a variation of Lemper and is from the Javanese cuisine. The main ingredients are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.'
'Arem-arem is a main course from the Java region of Indonesia. The main ingredients are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.'
'Arrabbiata sauce is from the region of Rome, Italy and contains chili pepper, tomatoes, red chili, garlic and olive oil.'
'Arrs negre is a dish from the Catalonia region of Spain. The main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers.'
'Arrs negre is a dish from the Catalonia region of Spain. The main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers.'
'Arrs negre is a dish from the region of the Valencian Community in Spain. The main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers.'
'Asam pedas is a dish from the region of Sumatra and Malay Peninsula in Malaysia. The main ingredients are fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce. Asam pedas is also known as asam padeh.'
'Asam pedas is a dish from the region of Sumatra, Malaysia. Malaysian Malays are an ethnic group in Malaysia and the Minangkabau people are an ethnic group in Sumatra.'
'Bacon Explosion is a dish from the Kansas City metropolitan area of the United States. The main ingredients are bacon and sausage.'
'The Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, where Paul Ryan is a leader and the capital is Washington DC. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.'
'Bacon sandwich is a dish from the United Kingdom and can be served with a BLT, bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin.'
'Bacon sandwich is a dish from the United Kingdom and can be served with brown sauce. It can also be called a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin.'
'Ketchup is a condiment used in a bacon sandwich, which is also known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin. The sandwich comes from the United Kingdom.'
'Meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding are the main ingredients of Baked Alaska, which can be found in Paris, New York or Hong Kong, France, the United States or China.'
'Meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding are the main ingredients of Baked Alaska, a dish from the United States. It can be found in Paris, New York or Hong Kong.'
'Bakewell tart is a variation of Bakewell pudding and is from the Derbyshire Dales region of Derbyshire. Frangipane is an ingredient in Bakewell tart.'
'Bakewell pudding is a dessert from the Derbyshire Dales region. The main ingredients are ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs. Bakewell tart is a variation of Bakewell pudding.'
'Bakewell pudding comes from the Derbyshire Dales region of Derbyshire, which is part of Derbyshire. Shortcrust pastry is an ingredient in Bakewell tart.'
'Bandeja paisa is a dish from the Paisa region of Colombia. It contains red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon.'
'Batagor is a dish from Indonesia and a variation of Siomay. The main ingredients are fried fish dumplings with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce.'
'Batagor is a variation of Shumai which is a dish from Indonesia. Shiitake is an ingredient in Shumai which is a variation of Siomay.'
'Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of Beef kway teow which comes from Indonesia and Singapore.'
'Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of beef kway teow which is popular in Indonesia and Singapore.'
'Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore and Indonesia. It contains palm sugar, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil.'
'Bhajji, also known as Bhaji or bajji, is a dish from India. The main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables.'
'Bhajji comes from the Karnataka region of India, where Narendra Modi is a leader and Vajubhai Vala is a leader.'
'Bhajji is a dish from the Karnataka region of India. The leader of India is Sumitra Mahajan and the leader of Karnataka is Vajubhai Vala.'
'Bhajji is a dish from the Karnataka region of India, where the leaders are T S Thakur and Narendra Modi.'
'Binignit is a dish from the Visayas region of the Philippines. The main ingredients are sweet potato and coconut milk.'
'Bionico is a dish from the Guadalajara region of Mexico. The main ingredients are chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins.'
'Bionico is a dessert from Mexico, where Enrique Pena Nieto is a leader. Sandesh is a confectionery dessert.'
'Indonesian is the language of Indonesia, where Jusuf Kalla is a leader. Bakso is a dish from the Chinese cuisine region of Indonesia.'
'Laura Boldrini is a leader in Italy where the capital is Rome and the language spoken is Italian. Amatriciana sauce is a popular dish in Italy.'
'Amatriciana sauce comes from Italy, where the capital is Rome and the leaders are Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella.'
'Ayam penyet is a dish from the region of Singapore. Ayam penyet comes from Java where the Banyumasan people are an ethnic group. English is the language spoken in Singapore.'
'Halimah Yacob is a leader in Singapore, where Ayam penyet comes from. Ayam penyet comes from Java where the Banyumasan people are an ethnic group.'
'Batchoy is a dish from the Philippines, where the language is Philippine Spanish and there are Zamboangans and Chinese Filipinos.'
'Arrs negre is a dish from Spain, where the currency is the Euro and the leader is Felipe VI. The Spaniards are an ethnic group in Spain.'
'The Dodge 1955 Dodge has a V8 engine, a 3-speed automatic transmission and a wheelbase of 120 inches.'
'The 1955 Dodge and the DeSoto Custom, manufactured by DeSoto, are related means of transportation. The DeSoto Custom was succeeded by the DeSoto Firedome and is related to the Chrysler Newport.'
'The AIDAluna, powered by Caterpillar Inc., has a length of 252000.0 millimetres and a ship beam of 32.2. Its maiden voyage was on the 22nd of March 2009.'
'The AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft and owned by Costa Crociere. It has a length of 253260.0 millimetres and a ship beam of 32.2.'
'AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft and is owned by Costa Crociere. It is operated by AIDA Cruises and is 253260.0 millimetres long.'
'The AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft and is operated by AIDA Cruises. It is 253260.0 millimetres long and is in service.'
'The ALCO RS-3 was built by the American Locomotive Company between May 1950 and August 1956. It is 17068.8 millimetres long and has a V12 engine.'
'The AMC Matador, also known as the American Motors Matador, is assembled in Thames, New Zealand. It has a station wagon body style and an AMC V8 engine.'
'The AMC Matador, also known as the American Motors Matador, is assembled in Thames, New Zealand. It is a mid-size car with an AMC straight-6 engine.'
'The AMC Matador, also known as the VAM Classic, is a full-size car assembled in Port Melbourne, Victoria and has an AMC straight-6 engine.'
'The AMC Matador, also known as the VAM Classic, was assembled in Thames, New Zealand. It has a station wagon body style and an AMC V8 engine.'
'The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe has a two door body style and a wheelbase of 2160.0 millimetres. Its production ended in 1958 and it has a straight-four engine.'
'The Acura TLX is assembled at the Marysville Auto Plant and has a front engine design. The Acura TLX is a luxury class of vehicle and has a Honda K engine.'
'The icebreaker, Aleksey Chirikov, was built by Arctech Helsinki Shipyard in Finland. It is 99.83 long and has a ship beam of 21.2.'
'The icebreaker, Aleksey Chirikov, was built by Arctech Helsinki Shipyard in Finland. It has a ship beam of 21.2 and is in service.'
'The icebreaker, Aleksey Chirikov, was built in Helsinki, Finland. It has a ship beam of 21.2 and is in service.'
'The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in Helsinki, Finland. The leaders of Finland are Sauli Niinisto and Juha Sipila.'
'The Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Italy and has a straight-four engine. It is related to the Saab 9000 and the Lancia Thema.'
'The Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Italy, has a straight-four engine and is related to the Fiat Croma and Lancia Thema.'
'Roy D. Chapin Jr. was a key person at American Motors, the manufacturer of the AMC Matador, which was succeeded by the Eagle (automobile). American Motors was succeeded by Chrysler.'
'The American submarine NR-1 was launched on 25 January 1969 and has a top speed of 8.334. It is 45000.0 millimetres long and has a ship beam of 3.8 m.'
'The Antares rocket was manufactured by the Yuzhnoye Design Office and launched at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport. Its maiden flight was on April 21st 2013 and its final flight was on October 28th 2014.'
'The Aston Martin V8, assembled in the United Kingdom, has a 5.3 litre engine and is related to the Aston Martin DBS and the Aston Martin RHAM/1.'
'The Audi A1 is a hatchback with a 1.2 litre engine and a 5-speed manual transmission. It is assembled in Audi Brussels.'
'Audi, founded by August Horch, is the manufacturer of the Audi A1 and has a division called Audi e-tron. Ducati is a subsidiary of Audi.'
'The AIDAluna, owned by AIDA Cruises, is powered by a Caterpillar Inc. engine, which was founded in California. AIDA Cruises is located in Rostock.'
'The AIDAluna is powered by Caterpillar Inc. which was founded in the United States and is located in Illinois. Douglas R. Oberhelman is a key person at Caterpillar Inc.'
'The Antares rocket is comparable to the Delta II rocket which originates from the United States. The Delta II was launched from the Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2 and the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.'
'The American submarine NR-1 was built by General Dynamics Electric Boat in Groton, Connecticut. The ship beam is 3.8m. General Dynamics is the parent company of General Dynamics Electric Boat.'
'The A-Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft in Rostock, Germany, where Andreas Voßkuhle is a leader.'
'The ALV X-1 originates from the United States, where the capital is Washington DC and the anthem is The Star Spangled Banner. White Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.'
'The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in the municipality of Gettysburg, Adams County, Pennsylvania. To the southeast of Adams County is Carroll County, Maryland and to the north is Cumberland County, Pennsylvania.'
'The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. Franklin County is to the west and Carroll County, Maryland is to the southeast. The monument falls under the category of Contributing property.'
'The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial, designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner, is located in Azerbaijan, the capital of which is Baku. The memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku.'
"Azerbaijan's leader is Artur Rasizade and its legislature is the National Assembly. Baku is the capital of Azerbaijan, where the Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located."
'Azerbaijan is led by Artur Rasizade and is the location of the Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial which is made of red granite and white marble and dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku.'
'The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku and is located in Azerbaijan. The leader of Azerbaijan is Prime Minister Artur Rasizade.'
'Aaron S. Daggett was born in Maine and died in West Roxbury. He fought in the American Civil War and was awarded the Purple Heart.'
'Aaron S. Daggett was born in Maine and died in West Roxbury. He fought in the Battle of the Wilderness and was awarded the Purple Heart.'
'Ab Klink was born in Stellendam and graduated from Leiden University. He was a member of the House of Representatives and a member of the Christian Democratic Appeal party.'
'Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri, Malaysia and resides in Kuching. He is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and represents Asajaya.'
'Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and lives in Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching, Sarawak. He is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and represents the Kota Samarahan region.'
'Abdul Taib Mahmud, who lived in Kuching, was succeeded by Adenan Satem, who was born in the Japanese occupation of British Borneo. Abdul Taib Mahmud is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and resides in Kuching.'
'Abdul Taib Mahmud, who lived in Sarawak, was succeeded by Adenan Satem, who was born in the Japanese occupation of British Borneo. Abdul Taib Mahmud was a member of the Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak party.'
'Abel Caballero was born in Spain and was in office while Felipe Gonzalez was Prime Minister and Juan Carlos I of Spain was Monarch. Francisco Franco was the predecessor of Juan Carlos I of Spain.'
'Abel Caballero was born in Galicia, Spain. He was a member of the Congress of Deputies and a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party.'
'Born in Ponteareas, Spain, Abel Caballero worked as the Minister of Transport and belonged to the Spanish Socialist Workers Party.'
'Abner W. Sibal was born in Ridgewood, Queens and was a member of the Republican Party in the United States. He was a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District and was succeeded by Donald J. Irwin.'
'Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in the United States and died in New York City. He worked as the United States Secretary of Health, Education and Welfare and was succeeded by John N. Dempsey.'
'Adam Holloway was born in Faversham, Kent, England and served in the Grenadier Guards. He fought in the Gulf War where Colin Powell was a commander.'
'Adam Koc, a Polish national, fought in the Polish–Soviet War, where Joseph Stalin was a commander. Kashubian is a language spoken in Poland.'
'Adam Koc is a Polish national who fought in the Polish–Soviet War. Joseph Stalin was a commander in the Polish–Soviet War.'
'Adam Koc is a Polish national who fought in the Polish–Soviet War. Leon Trotsky was a commander in the Polish–Soviet War.'
'Adam Koc was born in Congress Poland and fought in the Polish–Soviet War which was part of the Russian Civil War. Joseph Stalin was a commander in the Polish–Soviet War.'
'Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece and worked at the Ministry of Economy, Development and Tourism. He was succeeded by Makis Voridis.'
'Adonis Georgiadis was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister and was succeeded by Konstantinos Mitsotakis. Adonis Georgiadis is a member of the New Democracy (Greece) party which is blue in colour.'
'Knightsbridge born Airey Neave started his career on March 4th 1974 and ended it on 30th March 1979. He fought in the Battle of France.'
'Knightsbridge born Airey Neave started his career on 30 June 1953 and ended it on 30 March 1979. He fought in World War II.'
'Albert B. White was born on 22nd September 1856 and died on 3rd July 1941 in Parkersburg, West Virginia.'
'Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island, New York and died in Doa Ana County, New Mexico, United States.'
'Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina on May 20th 1891. He was a Rear Admiral and was succeeded by Isaac Rojas.'
'Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, Austria-Hungary and died in Styria.'
'Alfons Gorbach was born in Tyrol, Austria-Hungary and died in Graz, Styria.'
'Alfred N. Phillips was a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district. He was born in Connecticut and served in the U.S. Army, which fought in the Whiskey Rebellion.'
'Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin, Texas and served as Governor of Texas. He was a member of the Democratic Party in the United States and was succeeded by Price Daniel.'
'Alvah Sabin was a member of the Whig Party in the United States, whose leader is Daniel Webster. Sabin lived in Vermont, where the largest city is Burlington.'
"Alvah Sabin was a member of Vermont's 3rd Congressional District and died in Sycamore, Illinois. Vermont's largest city is Burlington."
'Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in New Britain, Connecticut and married Ruth Ribicoff. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.'
'Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.r.l. is the full name of A.C. Chievo Verona, based in Verona, Italy. The club played in the 2014-15 Serie A season and has 39371 members.'
'Italian born Rolando Maran manages A.C. Chievo Verona and plays for Unione Triestina 2012 S.S.D. and Carrarese Calcio.'
'Michele Marcolini was born in Italy and plays for Torino F.C. and F.C. Bari 1908. He is the manager of A.C. Lumezzane.'
'A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece where Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis are leaders and the language is Greek.'
'Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl is the full name of A.S. Gubbio 1910 which played in the 2014 season in Italy and has 5300 members.'
'The full name of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl and they played in the 2014 season at Stadio Pietro Barbetti. They have 5300 members.'
'A.S. Livorno Calcio, whose full name is Livorno Calcio S.p.A., has 19238 members and played in the 2014-15 Serie B season at Stadio Armando Picchi.'
'Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. is the full name of A.S. Roma, whose ground is in Rome. The club played in Serie A in 2014-15 and has 70634 members.'
'AZAL PFK play in the Azerbaijan Premier League, where Qarabag FK are champions. AZAL PFK play at the AZAL Arena in Azerbaijan.'
'AZAL PFK play in the Azerbaijan Premier League where the champions are Qaraba FK. They have 3500 members and their ground is the AZAL Arena.'
'John van den Brom manages AZ Alkmaar which is owned by Robert Eenhoorn. He also plays for AFC Ajax and stanbulspor A..'
'Agremiaço Sportiva Arapiraquense, nicknamed Asa Gigante, play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil, where the champions are Vila Nova Futebol Clube.'
'Agremiaço Sportiva Arapiraquense played in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil. Vila Nova Futebol Clube were champions of the league in 2015.'
'Akron Summit Assault, whose full name is Akron Metro Futbol Club Summit Assault, has 3000 members, is managed by Denzil Antonio and played in the 2011 PDL season.'
'Akron Summit Assault are based in Akron, Ohio, United States. They play in the Premier Development League, where K-W United FC are champions.'
'The ground of AS Gubbio 1910 is in Italy, where the capital is Rome and the leader is Sergio Mattarella. The Italian language is spoken in Italy and the capital is Rome.'
'Pietro Grasso is the leader of Italy where the capital is Rome and the official language is Italian. The ground of AS Gubbio 1910 is in Italy.'
'Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. play in the Serie A league and their ground is Stadio Olimpico. The champions of Serie A are Juventus F.C.'
'The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in the city of Mendrisio, Switzerland. Its dean is Mario Botta and it has 100 academic staff.'
'The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students. The leader of Switzerland is the Federal Chancellor.'
'The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 in the city of Mendrisio. The dean of the Accademia is Mario Botta and it has 100 academic staff.'
'The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum and was given the Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai.'
'The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India has 700 postgraduate students and is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.'
'The Acharya Institute of Technology in India was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. Its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar.'
'The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania, the capital of which is Bucharest. Klaus Iohannis is the leader of Romania where the Germans of Romania are an ethnic group.'
'The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the European University Association. It has an academic staff of 737.'
'The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff and 16,000 students.'
'1634: The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by 1634: The Baltic War which was written by David Weber and was followed by Ring of Fire II which was written in English.'
'1634: The Ram Rebellion is an e-book written by Virginia DeMarce and has 512 pages. It has the ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0.'
'The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins in the United Kingdom, where the capital is London and the leader is Elizabeth II.'
'A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by J.V. Jones and is in print. It has the OCLC number 51969173 and the ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6.'
'A Long Long Way was published by Viking Press in Ireland. It was preceded by Annie Dunne and was followed by The Secret Scripture.'
'A Severed Wasp is in print and has the ISBN number 0-374-26131-8. It has the OCLC number 8805735 and the library of Congress classification of PS3523.E55 S4 1982.'
'A Severed Wasp is written in English, a language spoken in Great Britain. It is from the United States, where one of the ethnic groups is African American.'
'A Severed Wasp is available in hardcover and has 388 pages. It has the OCLC number 8805735 and the ISBN number 0-374-26131-8.'
'A Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane and is available in hardcover. It has the OCLC number 318875313 and the ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2.'
'Addiction (journal), abbreviated to Addiction, has the LCCN number 93645978 and the ISSN number 1360-0443. It is part of the academic discipline of Addiction.'
'Cornell University in Ithaca, New York is affiliated with the Association of American Universities and is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly.'
'Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English in the United States, where the capital is Washington D.C. and African Americans are an ethnic group.'
'The American Journal of Mathematics, abbreviated to Am. J. Math, is published bimonthly and has the ISSN number 1080-6377. The journal is in the academic discipline of Mathematics.'
'The American Journal of Mathematics, abbreviated to Am. J. Math., was first published in 1878 and has the ISSN number 1080-6377. Its academic discipline is Mathematics.'
'A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States, where English is the language spoken in Great Britain.'
'A Severed Wasp is from the United States, where English is the language spoken in Great Britain and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.'
'Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians comes from the United States, where English is the language spoken in Great Britain. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.'
'The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins in the United Kingdom, where David Cameron and Elizabeth II are leaders.'
'A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States, where English is the language spoken in Great Britain and African Americans are an ethnic group.'
'A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States, where English is the language spoken in Great Britain and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.'
'A Severed Wasp is from the United States where Barack Obama is a leader and English is the language spoken. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.'
'Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene, Jones County, Texas, United States. The airport runway length is 2194.0.'
'Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene, Texas and is 546 metres above sea level. It has a runway length of 2194.0 and a runway name of 17R/35L. The airport's ICAO location identifier is KABI.'
'Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid and is operated by ENAIRE. The airport is 610.0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 4349 and a runway name of 14L/32R.'
'Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand. Ram Naik is the leader of Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand. The ICAO location identifier for Agra Airport is VIAG.'
'Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand. Its native name is Kheria Air Force Station and its leader is Ram Naik.'
'Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force. The United States Air Force has the Lockheed AC-130 as an attack aircraft and the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III as a transport aircraft. The United States Air Force also has the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon as an aircraft fighter. The United States Air Force fought in the invasion of Panama.'
'Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force. The United States Air Force is involved in the Korean War and has aircraft fighters such as the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle and the Lockheed AC-130. The Boeing C-17 Globemaster III is a transport aircraft.'
'Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which fought in the Invasion of Grenada, the Korean War and the Korean War. The Lockheed AC-130 is an attack aircraft and the Lockheed C-130 Hercules is a transport aircraft.'
'Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force. The United States Air Force is involved in the Invasion of Grenada and the invasion of Panama. The Lockheed AC-130 is an attack aircraft and Boeing C-17 Globemaster III is a transport aircraft.'
'Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan and serves the city of Lahore. Pakistan is led by Anwar Zaheer Jamali. The airport is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority.'
'Allama Iqbal International Airport serves the city of Lahore in Punjab, Pakistan. The airport is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. Shehbaz Sharif is the leader of Punjab, Pakistan.'
'Andrews County Airport is located in Texas and serves the city of Andrews. The airport is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896.0 and the runway name is 11/29.'
'Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. The capital of Texas is Austin and the largest city is Houston. The Spanish language is spoken in Texas.'
'Andrews County Airport is located in Texas. The capital of Texas is Austin and the largest city is Houston. The language spoken in Texas is Spanish and the inhabitants are known as Texans.'
'Angola International Airport is located in colo e Bengo, Luanda Province, Angola. It is 159 metres above sea level and serves the city of Luanda.'
'Angola International Airport is located in colo e Bengo, Luanda Province, Angola. The airport is 159 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 4000.0.'
'Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp and is owned by the Flemish Region. The airport is operated by the Flemish department of Mobility and Public Works and is 12.0 metres above sea level. The runway length is 600.0.'
'Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin and serves Appleton, Wisconsin. The airport is 280 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2439.0 and a runway name of 3/21.'
'Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, Menasha, Clayton, Winnebago County, Wisconsin, United States. Appleton International Airport serves the city of Appleton.'
'Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is operated by the Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand and is 34 metres above sea level. The 3rd runway is made of Poaceae and the runway name is 03R/21L.'
'Ashgabat International Airport is located in Ashgabat and is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines. The airport is 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2989.0 and a runway name of 12R/30L.'
'Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey and is 23 metres above sea level. It has a runway length of 1873 and a runway name of 4/22. It has the ICAO location identifier KACY.'
'Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium. The country is led by Charles Michel and Philippe of Belgium. German is the language spoken in Belgium.'
'Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States. The airport is 23 metres above sea level.'
'Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Spain. It is 610.0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3500.0.'
'Aaron Bertram is a ska punk musician who plays with the band Kids Imagine Nation and Suburban Legends. Brian Robertson is a trombonist in the Suburban Legends band.'
'Aaron Deer is a solo singer from Indiana, United States. He is a member of the band Wee Giant and performs Indie rock music.'
'Aaron Turner plays the electric guitar and is associated with House of Low Culture and Mamiffer. His musical genre is black metal which is a musical fusion of death metal.'
'Aaron Turner plays the electric guitar and is a member of Twilight and Greymachine. His musical genre is black metal which is a musical fusion of death metal.'
'Aaron Turner, who was born in Massachusetts, started performing in 1995. He is a member of the Lotus Eaters and Twilight bands. His musical genre is sludge metal.'
'Abradab is a musician from Katowice, Poland. He started performing in 1994 and is associated with Kaliber 44 and Magik.'
'Ace Wilder was born in Sweden on July 23rd, 1982. He is a solo singer and performs singing.'
'Agustin Barboza was born in Asuncion, Paraguay. The country is led by Juan Afara and the language spoken is Spanish. One of the ethnic groups in Paraguay is the Mestizo.'
'Ahmet Ertegun was a rhythm and blues musician who died in the United States. Disco is a derivative of rhythm and blues which originated from blues music. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.'
'Ahmet Ertegun was born in 1923 in Washington, D.C., United States. He performs rhythm and blues music and has a background as a non performing personnel.'
'Alan Frew is a solo singer who plays rock music. Rock music has its origins in country music and blues music. Bhangra is a fusion genre of rock music.'
'Alan Frew was born in Coatbridge, Ontario, Canada. He is a musician and a solo singer.'
'Alex Day was born in London Borough of Havering and started performing electronic music in 2006. He is a member of the band Chameleon Circuit and is associated with Charlie McDonnell.'
'Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester and died in Sidcup, London. Manchester is led by the Labour Party (UK) and London is led by the European Parliament.'
'Alfredo Zitarrosa, a solo singer, is signed to RCA Records and performs Zamba music. He is associated with Ciro Perez and Héctor Numa Moraes.'
"Alison O'Donnell's musical genre is folk music of Ireland and she started her career in 1963. She is signed to the record label Static Caravan Recordings and is a member of the band Flibbertigibbet and Mellow Candle."
'Anders Osborne started performing in 1989 and is associated with Billy Iuso, Tab Benoit and the Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars. He performs rhythm and blues music.'
'Anders Osborne, a guitarist, is signed to Okeh Records and plays rock music. Bhangra music is a fusion of rock music and is associated with Johnny Sansone.'
'Andra is a rhythm and blues singer who was born in Romania in 1986. She is a solo singer.'
'Andra was born in 1986 in Câmpia Turzii. She is a rhythm and blues singer and a solo singer.'
'Andrew Rayel was born in Chisinau, Moldova and started performing in 2009. He plays trance music and is associated with Christian Burns and Armin van Buuren.'
'Andrew White started performing in 2003 and is signed to B-Unique Records and Polydor Records. He is a member of the band Kaiser Chiefs and is associated with Marry Banilow.'
'Andrew Rayel plays the string instrument and is associated with artists Armin Van Buuren, Bobina, Mark Sixma, Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano, Alexandre Bergheau, Jonny Rose, Sylvia Tosun, Lira Yin and Alexandra Badoi. Christian Burns performs house music.'
'Allen Forrest was born on February 4th 1981. He performs hip hop music which has its origins in disco and funk. Drum and bass is a derivative of hip hop music.'
'Agustin Barboza was born in Asuncion and died in Paraguay. The country is led by Juan Afara and the language spoken is Spanish. One of the ethnic groups in Paraguay is the Mestizo.'
'Agustin Barboza was born in Paraguay where the leader is Juan Afara and the Mestizo are an ethnic group. He died in Asuncion which is part of Gran Asuncion.'
'Al Anderson plays the guitar in the band NRBQ. Rock music has its origins in country music and blues. Bhangra is a fusion of rock and country music.'
'Aaron Turner plays the electric guitar and is a member of the band Twilight and House of Low Culture. Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal.'
'Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay. The country is led by Ral Fernando Sendic Rodrguez and the language spoken is Spanish. Daniel Martnez is a politician in Montevideo.'
'Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay. The country is led by Tabaré Vázquez and its demonym is Uruguayans. Daniel Martnez is a politician in Montevideo.'
'Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas in the United States. He served as a test pilot and was a crew member of Apollo 12 which was operated by NASA.'
'Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on 18 November 1923. He graduated from NWC in 1957 with an M.A. He died in California on 21 July 1998.'
'Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and graduated from NWC in 1957 with an M.A. He was a test pilot and died in California.'
'Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and was selected by NASA in 1959. He was a crew member of Apollo 14 which was operated by NASA. Alan Shepard is now deceased.'
'Alan Bean was a crew member of NASA operated Apollo 12 which was commanded by David Scott. Alfred Worden was a backup pilot on Apollo 12. Alan Bean spent 100305.0 minutes in space.'
'Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on 18 November 1923 and died in California. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.'
'Elliot See was born in Dallas and graduated from the University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated to the University of Texas System and competes in the Big 12 Conference. Gregory L. Fenves is the president of the University of Texas at Austin.'
'Elliot See was born in Dallas and graduated from the University of Texas at Austin. He died in St Louis on February 28th 1966.'
'Elliot See was born in Dallas, Texas. The University of Texas at Austin is affiliated with the University of Texas System and competes in the Big 12 Conference.'
'Elliot See was born in Dallas and died in St Louis. He attended the University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated to the University of Texas System.'
'William Anders was a crew member of Apollo 8 which was operated by NASA and was commanded by Frank Borman. Anders retired on 1969-09-01. Buzz Aldrin was a backup pilot.'
'Akeem Dent made his debut with the Atlanta Falcons who are owned by Arthur Blank and are based in Atlanta. He also played for the Houston Texans who are based in Houston.'
'Alaa Abdul Zahra played for Shabab Al-Ordon Club and now plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC in the Qatar Stars League. Al Kharaitiyat SC is managed by Amar Osim and its ground is in Al Khor.'
'Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia where Valentina Matviyenko is a leader. He played for the Soviet Union national football team and for FC Torpedo Moscow which is managed by Valery Petrakov.'
'Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Terek Grozny, whose ground is in Grozny and is managed by Rashid Rakhimov. He also plays for FC Spartak Moscow.'
'Alessio Romagnoli plays for U.C. Sampdoria and for A.C. Milan who play in the Serie A league. Sinia Mihajlovi is the manager of A.C. Milan, whose chairman is Silvio Berlusconi.'
'Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.C. Milan which is managed by Sinisa Mihajlovi and whose chairman is Silvio Berlusconi. He also plays for the Italy national under 17 football team and for U.C. Sampdoria.'
'Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Terek Grozny which is managed by Rashid Rakhimov. He also plays for FC Dynamo Moscow and his youth club is FC Spartak Moscow.'
'Akeem Adams plays for Ferencvarosi TC, which is managed by Thomas Doll and whose chairman is Gábor Kubatov. He also plays for United Petrotrin F.C., whose ground is in Palo Seco.'
'Akeem Ayers made his debut for the Tennessee Titans who are coached by Mike Mularkey. He played for the Los Angeles Rams who are based in the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum.'
'20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom. The capital of the UK is London, where Boris Johnson and Elizabeth II are leaders. The currency of the UK is the Pound sterling.'
'250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo, New York. It was built in January 2014 and cost 110 million dollars. It has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843.8 square metres.'
'300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, Illinois, United States. Rahm Emanuel is the leader of Chicago, which is part of DuPage County, Illinois. 300 North LaSalle has 60 floors.'
'3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment and is located in Dublin, Leinster, Republic of Ireland. The leader of Dublin is Dáil Éireann.'
'Adisham Hall is located at St Benedict's Monastery, Adisham, Haputhale, Sri Lanka and was completed in 1931. Its architectural style is Tudor and Jacabian. The building started in 1927 and was completed in 1931.'
'Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka. Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital of Sri Lanka where the language is Tamil and the currency is the Sri Lankan rupee.'
'Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka. The capital of Sri Lanka is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and the currency is the Sri Lankan rupee. The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe.'
'The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan. The leader of Japan is Tar As and the Japanese people are an ethnic group.'
'Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. Narendra Modi is the leader of Gujarat, which is led by the Gujarat Legislative Assembly.'
'Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. The leader of Gujarat is the Gujarat Legislative Assembly and the leader is T S Thakur.'
'Ampara Hospital has 476 beds and is located in the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka, where the leader is Austin Fernando and the leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe.'
'California born Julia Morgan designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds, the Los Angeles Herald Examiner, the Riverside Art Museum and the Hearst Castle.'
'California born Julia Morgan designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds, the Riverside Art Museum, the Hearst Castle and Chinatown, San Francisco.'
'Asilomar Conference Grounds was constructed in 1913 and is located in Pacific Grove, California. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987 and has the reference number 87000823.'
'Asser Levy Public Baths, built in 1904, is located at 23rd Street, Manhattan. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980 and has the reference number 80002709.'
'Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City, United States. Manhattan is led by Gale Brewer.'
'103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin who was born in Birmingham. The city is governed by the Birmingham City Council and Andrew Mitchell is its leader. Birmingham has the postal code B.'
'Hailemariam Desalegn and Mulatu Teshome are leaders in Ethiopia. Addis Ababa is the location of Addis Ababa Stadium and Addis Ababa City Hall.'
'250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where the leader is John Roberts and the language is English. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.'
'250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where English is the language and Joe Biden is a leader. White Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.'
'(66063) 1998 RO1, formerly known as 1999 SN5, has an escape velocity of 0.0999 kilometres per second and an epoch date of 4 November 2013. It has an orbital period of 360.29 days and an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 kilometres.'
'(66391) 1999 KW4 has an epoch date of July 14th 2004. It has an escape velocity of 0 and an orbital period of 16244700.0. It has an apoapsis of 162164091.8388 kilometres and a density of 2.0 grams per cubic centimetres.'
'101 Helena was discovered on 1868-08-15 by James Craig Watson, a Canadian, who graduated from the University of Michigan and died in Madison, Wisconsin.'
'101 Helena was discovered by James Craig Watson, a Canadian, whose alma mater was the University of Michigan. He died of peritonitis in Madison, Wisconsin.'
'Walter Baade was born in the German Empire and died in West Germany. He discovered 1036 Ganymed and his alma mater was the University of Gottingen. His doctoral student was Allan Sandage.'
'Walter Baade was born in the German Empire and studied at the University of Gottingen. He discovered 1036 Ganymed and his doctoral students were Halton Arp and Allan Sandage.'
'107 Camilla was discovered by F Vilas and has an epoch date of December 31st 2006. It has an orbital period of 2368.05 days, a periapsis of 479343000.0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 560937000.0 kilometres.'
'N.R. Pogson was born in Nottingham, England and died in Chennai. He discovered 107 Camilla on 17 November 1868.'
'1089 Tama, formerly known as A919 HA; 1927 WB, has an escape velocity of 0.0068 kilometres per second, an orbital period of 1202.846 days and an apoapsis of 373513000.0 kilometres. Its epoch date is 2005-11-26.'
'1097 Vicia has an epoch date of December 31st 2006, an escape velocity of 0.0112 km/s, a mass of 9.8 kgs, an orbital period of 135589000.0 and an apoapsis of 511592000.0 kilometres.'
'10 Hygiea has an escape velocity of 0.21 km per sec, a surface area of 837080.744 square kilometres, a temperature of 164.0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 kilometres. Its epoch date is 2015-06-27.'
'Abilene, Texas has a total area of 286.5 square kilometres and a total area of 14.2 square kilometres. It is 524 metres above sea level and has a population density of 429.9 inhabitants per square kilometre. It has the area code of 325.'
'Abilene is part of Texas, United States, where the largest city is Houston and the capital is Austin. Spanish is one of the languages spoken in Texas.'
'Albany is part of the state of Georgia in the United States. Americans live in the U.S., where English is the language and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.'
'Albuquerque, New Mexico has a total area of 490.9 square kilometres and a land area of 486.2 square kilometres. The area code is 505, 575 and the population density is 1142.3 inhabitants per square kilometre.'
'The United States House of Representatives is located in the United States Capitol in Anaheim, California. Tom Tait is the leader of Anaheim, California, where Spanish is spoken.'
'Anderson, Indiana is in the United States, where the capital is Indianapolis and the Democratic Party has its headquarters in Washington, D.C.'
'Anderson, Indiana has a total area of 107.43 square kilometres and a population density of 523.9 inhabitants per square kilometre. Anderson is 268.0 above sea level and has the area code 765.'
'Antioch is part of Contra Costa County, which is part of the San Francisco Bay Area, California. Chinese is spoken in California. Antioch has a total area of 75.324 square kilometres.'
'Attica is part of Fountain County, Indiana in the United States, where the capital is Washington, D.C. Covington is the county seat of Fountain County.'
'Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama in the United States. The capital of the United States is Washington, D.C. and Asian Americans are an ethnic group there.'
'Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama in the United States. Opelika is the county seat of Lee County, Alabama, where African Americans are an ethnic group.'
'Austin is part of Williamson County, Texas, where the largest city is Round Rock and the county seat is Georgetown. Spanish is spoken in Texas.'
'Austin is part of Williamson County, Texas, where the county seat is Georgetown. Houston is the largest city in Texas, where Spanish is spoken.'
'Alexandria is part of Madison County, Indiana, United States. Anderson is the largest city in Madison County. Indianapolis is the capital of Indiana.'
'Arlington is part of Tarrant County, Texas, where the county seat is Fort Worth. Houston is the largest city in Texas, where the language is English.'
'Arlington is part of Tarrant County, Texas, where the largest city is Fort Worth and the capital is Austin. Houston is the largest city in Texas.'
'Arlington is part of Tarrant County, Texas in the United States. Houston is the largest city in Texas, the capital of which is Austin.'
'Albany is part of Dougherty County, Georgia in the United States, where Americans live and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. Albany is led by the Mayor.'
'Albany is part of Linn County, Oregon, in the United States. The capital of the United States is Washington, D.C. and Americans live there. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.'
'Akron is part of Summit County, Ohio in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington, D.C. and Native Americans are an ethnic group there. Americans live in the U.S.'
'Angola is part of Steuben County, Indiana, in the United States. The country is led by the President and has an ethnic group called African Americans. Americans live in the United States.'
'Albany is part of Benton County, Oregon in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington, D.C. and English is the language spoken. One of the ethnic groups in the U.S. are Asian Americans.'
'Albany is part of Oregon in the United States. The capital of the United States is Washington, D.C. and English is the language spoken. One of the ethnic groups in the United States are Asian Americans.'
'Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama in the United States, where Native Americans are an ethnic group. Opelika is the county seat of Lee County, Alabama.'
'Albuquerque, New Mexico is in the United States, where Barack Obama is a leader and the leader is the Albuquerque City Council. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States, where English is the language spoken.'
'Angola, Indiana is in the United States, where English is the language spoken. Americans live in the United States, where Native Americans are an ethnic group.'
'Albany, Georgia is part of the United States, where the leader is known as the President. Americans live in the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.'
'Auburn is part of King County, Washington in the United States. Seattle is the largest city in the state and Olympia is the capital.'
'John Geering created Bananaman which starred Tim Brooke-Taylor and was broadcast by the BBC on October 3rd 1983. It was last aired on April 15th 1986.'
'Baymax is a character in the film Big Hero 6 starring Scott Adsit and was created by Americans, Duncan Rouleau and Steven T. Seagle.'
'Chinabank, a public company, was founded in Manila on August 16th, 1920 and has 295 branches. Its net income is 15100000000 and it is a public company.'
'Felipe Gozon is a key person at GMA New Media, which was founded on January 1st 2000 and is located at the GMA Network Center. GMA New Media produces mobile applications and is in the mass media industry.'
'Hypermarcas was founded on 2001-01-01 and is located in Brazil, where the population density is 23.8. Hypermarcas manufactures cosmetics and is in the pharmaceutical industry.'
'Trane, founded in La Crosse, Wisconsin, is a subsidiary located in Ireland, in Europe. Trane has 29000 employees.'
'Trane, a subsidiary located in Swords, Dublin, produces building management systems and has a revenue of $10,264,000,000 and a net income of $556,300,000.'
'Bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil are the main ingredients of Ajoblanco, a dish from Andalusia, Spain. Ajoblanco is also known as Ajo blanco.'
'Amatriciana sauce is a dish from the Lazio region of Italy. The main ingredients are tomatoes, guanciale, cheese and olive oil.'
'Joko Widodo is a leader in Indonesia where the currency is the Indonesian rupiah and the language is Indonesian. Arem-arem is a dish from the Javanese cuisine.'
'Arrabbiata sauce comes from Italy where the capital is Rome and the leader is Sergio Mattarella. Italian is the language spoken in Italy and the demonym for Italians.'
'Arrs negre is a dish from the region of the Valencian Community in Spain. The leader of the Valencian Community is Ximo Puig and the Spaniards live there. Felipe VI is the leader of Spain.'
'Asam pedas is a dish from the Malay Peninsula in Malaysia. The capital of Malaysia is Kuala Lumpur and Malaysian Chinese and Malaysian Indians are ethnic groups in Malaysia.'
'Asam pedas is a dish from the Malay Peninsula in Malaysia, where Arifin Zakaria is a leader. Malaysian Chinese and Malaysian Indians are ethnic groups in Malaysia.'
'Ayam penyet can be found nationwide, also in Malaysia and Singapore, and is served hot. The main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal.'
'Ayam penyet is a dish from the region of Malaysia, Indonesia. The main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal. The Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group in Malaysia.'
'Ayam penyet is a dish from the region of Malaysia where the Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group. Fried chicken is one of the main ingredients of ayam penyet which comes from Indonesia.'
'Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, where Barack Obama is a leader, the capital is Washington DC and the language is English. White Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.'
'The Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, where the capital is Washington D.C., the language is English and the leader is Joe Biden. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.'
'Baked Alaska is a dish from the region of Hong Kong, where Carrie Lam is a politician and Gérard Larcher is a leader. Baked Alaska is a dish from France where the French language is spoken.'
'Bandeja paisa is a dish from the Paisa region of Colombia. It contains lemon, which belongs to the order of Rosids and the family of Rutaceae.'
'Barny cakes are a dish from France where the language is French and the leaders are Gérard Larcher and Claude Bartolone. Sponge cake is an ingredient in Barny cakes.'
'Barny cakes were created by Mondelez International which was founded in Chicago. The country is led by Gérard Larcher and the French language is spoken.'
'Bhajji is a dish from the Karnataka region of India. The people of India are called Indians and the leaders are T S Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan.'
'Binignit is a dessert from the Visayas region of the Philippines. The main ingredients are sweet potato and banana.'
'Enrique Pena Nieto is a leader in Mexico, where Spanish is spoken. Bionico is a dessert and can be served with honey.'
'Silvano Aureoles Conejo is a leader in Mexico where Bionico is a dessert. Cookies are also a dessert.'
'Bionico is a dessert from the Guadalajara region of Mexico, where the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo. Honey can be added to it.'
'Joko Widodo is the leader of Indonesia where the capital is Jakarta and Indonesian is the language spoken. Bakso is a popular dish in Indonesia and is also popular in neighboring Southeast Asian countries.'
'Joko Widodo and Jusuf Kalla are leaders in Indonesia where the capital is Jakarta. Bakso is a dish from the region of Indonesia.'
'Amatriciana sauce is a popular dish in Italy where the capital is Rome and the leaders are Laura Boldrini and Pietro Grasso. Italians are the inhabitants of Italy and the capital is Rome.'
'Ayam penyet is a dish from the region of Singapore. Ayam penyet comes from Java where the Banyumasan people are an ethnic group. Halimah Yacob is the leader of Singapore where English is spoken.'
'Halimah Yacob is a leader in Singapore, where Standard Chinese is spoken. Ayam penyet is a dish from Java where the Banyumasan people are an ethnic group.'
'Batchoy is a dish from the Philippines where the official language is Philippine English and the Ilocano people are an ethnic group. The language spoken in the Philippines is Arabic and the Igorot people are an ethnic group.'
'Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapore and Indonesia. The language spoken in Singapore is English and the leaders are Tony Tan and Halimah Yacob.'
'Ajoblanco is a dish from Andalusia, Spain, where Susana Diaz is a leader and Felipe VI is a leader. Spaniards live in Spain.'
'Ajoblanco is a dish from Spain where the language is Spanish and the currency is the Euro. The country is led by Felipe VI of Spain and the people are called Spaniards.'
'The AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft and operated by AIDA Cruises. It has a ship beam of 32.2 metres and a top speed of 38.892.'
'The ALCO RS-3 was built by the American Locomotive Company between May 1950 and August 1956 and is 17068.8 millimetres long. It has 12 cylinders and a V12 engine.'
'The AMC Matador, also known as the American Motors Matador, is assembled in Thames, New Zealand. It has a station wagon body style and an AMC V8 engine and is a mid-size car.'
'The Alhambra was built by the Samuda Brothers and is owned by P&O. The Alhambra is powered by a Humphrys, Tennant and Dykes engine located in Deptford.'
'The Antares rocket, manufactured by the Yuzhnoye Design Office, was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. Its maiden flight was on 28 October 2014 and its final flight was on 18 September 2013. It has a diameter of 3.9 metres.'
'The Antares rocket was manufactured by the Yuzhnoye Design Office and was launched at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport. The Antares rocket is comparable to the Delta II rocket which was launched at the Vandenberg Air Force Base in the United States.'
'The Ariane 5 was manufactured by Airbus Defence and Space and launched from the Guiana Space Centre on August 11th 2005. It has a diameter of 5.4 metres and its final flight was on the 18th December 2009.'
'The Ariane 5 was manufactured by the European Space Agency and was launched at ELA-3. Its maiden flight was on the 2nd of March 2004 and its final flight was on the 27th of September 2003. It has a diameter of 5.4 metres.'
'The Aston Martin Virage and the Aston Martin DBS are related means of transport. The Aston Martin V8 was assembled in the United Kingdom, where Elizabeth II is the leader. The Aston Martin Virage was succeeded by the Aston Martin DBS, manufactured by Aston Martin.'
'Atlas II originates from the United States and was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base and Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36. It has a diameter of 3.04 m and its final flight was on March 16th 1998.'
'The Audi A1 is a supermini classed as a hatchback and is assembled in Brussels, Belgium. It has a 1.2 litre engine and a front engine and front wheel drive layout.'
'The AIDAluna is owned by AIDA Cruises and powered by a Caterpillar Inc. engine. Caterpillar Inc. was founded in the United States and is located in Illinois. Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person at Caterpillar Inc.'
'AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft and is operated by AIDA Cruises. AIDAstella is owned by Costa Crociere which is located in Genoa and is owned by Carnival Corporation & plc.'
'The Antares rocket was launched at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0, which is associated with the Minotaur IV rocket. The Antares rocket is comparable to the Delta II rocket which originates from the United States and was launched at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.'
'The Antares rocket was launched at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 which is associated with the Minotaur IV rocket. The Antares rocket is comparable to the Delta II rocket which originates from the United States and was launched at the Vandenberg Air Force Base.'
'The A-Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft in Rostock, Germany. The capital of Germany is Berlin and the leader is Joachim Gauck.'
'The A-Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft in Rostock, Germany. The leader of Germany is Stanislaw Tilich and the demonym for Germans.'
'The Antares rocket was launched at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. The Antares rocket is comparable to the Delta II rocket which originates from the United States. The Minotaur V rocket is also launched at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0.'
'The Star Spangled Banner is the national anthem of the United States, where White Americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is Washington DC. The country is the origin of the ALV X-1 aircraft.'
'The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Gettysburg, Adams County, Pennsylvania. Franklin County is to the west of Adams County and Cumberland County is to the north. Carroll County, Maryland is to the southeast of Adams County.'
"Azerbaijan's leader is Prime Minister Artur Rasizade and its legislature is the National Assembly. Baku is the capital of Azerbaijan and the location of the Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial."
'The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner, is located in Azerbaijan. It is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. Its native name is Türk Sehitleri Aniti and it was designed by Artur Rasizade.'
'The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner, is located in Azerbaijan and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It is made of red granite and white marble and has the native name of Türk Sehitleri Aniti.'
'The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner, is located in Azerbaijan. It is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku and is made of red granite and white marble. The leader of Azerbaijan is the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan.'
'Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and resides in Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching, Sarawak. His party is the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and he was succeeded by Adenan Satem who studied at the University of Adelaide.'
'Abdulsalami Abubakar served in the Nigerian Army and was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President. Abdulsalami Abubakar was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo and ended his career on 29th May 1999. Mike Akhigbe was succeeded by Oladipo Diya.'
'Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in Connecticut and died in New York City. He was a member of the Democratic Party in the United States and worked as the United States Secretary of Health, Education and Welfare.'
'Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in Chicago and died in the United States. He was married to Casey Ribicoff. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.'
'Adam Holloway was born in Kent and started his career on 5th May 2005. He served in the Grenadier Guards and was a Member of Parliament for Gravesham. He graduated from Magdalene College in Cambridge.'
'Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands, where Mark Rutte is a leader and the leader of the Socialist Party is Emile Roemer. Agnes Kant worked at the House of Representatives in the Netherlands.'
'Agnes Kant is a member of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands which is led by Emile Roemer and is led by Mark Rutte. Agnes Kant is a member of the Parliamentary group leader in the Netherlands.'
'Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands, where Mark Rutte is a leader and Emile Roemer is a leader. Agnes Kant is a member of the Socialist Party of the Netherlands, whose colour is red.'
'Albert B. White was married to Agnes Ward White who was born in Marietta, Ohio and died in Parkersburg, West Virginia. William M.O. Dawson was born in Bloomington, Maryland and succeeded Albert B. White.'
'Alberto Teisaire, a national of Argentina, died in Buenos Aires, governed by the Buenos Aires City Legislature and led by Gabriela Michetti. Spanish is the language of Argentina.'
'Alberto Teisaire, a national of Argentina, died in Buenos Aires, governed by the Buenos Aires City Legislature and led by Horacio Rodrguez Larreta. Spanish is the language of Argentina.'
'Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina on May 20th 1891. He was a Rear Admiral in the Argentine Navy and was the Provisional President of the Argentine Senate. Isaac Rojas succeeded Alberto Teisaire.'
"Alvah Sabin, who died in Sycamore, Illinois, started his career on March 4th, 1853 and represented Vermont's 3rd congressional district."
"Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia, Vermont and served as the Secretary of the State of Vermont. He represented Vermont's 3rd Congressional District and was a member of Vermont's largest city, Burlington."
'Alvah Sabin, who died in Sycamore, Illinois, was a member of the Whig Party in the United States, whose leader was Henry Clay. Alvah Sabin was from Vermont, where the largest city is Burlington.'
'Alvah Sabin, who died in Sycamore, Illinois, was a member of the Whig Party in the United States, whose leader is Daniel Webster. Sabin lived in Vermont, where the largest city is Burlington.'
'Adonis Georgiadis was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister and Konstantinos Mitsotakis was Prime Minister. He was succeeded by Makis Voridis and had Evangelos Venizelos as his deputy. Samaras was born in Athens.'
'Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, Austria and died in Graz. The country is led by Doris Bures and the language spoken is Austrian German.'
'Mark Rutte is the leader of the Netherlands where the currency is the euro and Ab Klink is a member of the Christian Democratic Appeal party. He was born in Stellendam and is a national of the Netherlands.'
'A.F.C. Blackpool is managed by Stuart Parker who plays for KV Mechelen and Chesterfield F.C. Blackpool is led by Gordon Marsden and their ground is in Blackpool.'
'Gus Poyet is the manager of AEK Athens F.C., who play in the Superleague Greece. The champions of the Superleague Greece are Olympiacos F.C. and he also plays for Real Zaragoza and Chelsea F.C.'
'Agremiaço Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil. Their ground is the Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Alagoas. Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions of the league.'
'Agremiaço Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil. Their ground is the Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Arapiraca. Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions of the league.'
'Agremiaço Sportiva Arapiraquense, managed by Vica, play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil. They have 17000 members and were champions by Vila Nova Futebol Clube.'
'The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio, Switzerland. The dean of the Accademia is Mario Botta and it has 100 academic staff and 600 students.'
'The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Ticino, Switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students. The leader of Switzerland is Johann Schneider-Ammann.'
'The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, Karnataka is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and is located in the state. Karnataka has Telangana to its northeast and the Arabian Sea to its west.'
'The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, India. It was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students.'
'The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, Karnataka, is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and is located in the city. Kempe Gowda I was the founder of Bangalore. Karnataka has to its west the Arabian Sea.'
'The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Romania. The capital of Romania is Bucharest and the leader is known as the Prime Minister. Klaus Iohannis is the leader of Romania.'
'The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the European University Association. The School has 16000 students and 737 academic staff.'
'A Long Long Way was published by Faber and Faber in Ireland, which is located in Europe. The book was followed by The Secret Scripture which was published by Faber and Faber. White people are an ethnic group in Ireland.'
'Annie Dunne was preceded by A Long Long Way which was published by Faber and Faber. A Long Long Way was followed by The Secret Scripture which was published by Faber and Faber. White people are an ethnic group in Ireland.'
'Above the Veil was written in Australia and was followed by Into Battle and The Violet Keystone. Aenir was preceded by Castle.'
'Cornell University in Ithaca, New York is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly. Cornell University is affiliated with the Association of American Universities and is nicknamed Cornell Big Red.'
'Cornell University in Ithaca, New York is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly. Cornell University is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land-grant Universities and is nicknamed Cornell Big Red.'
'Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English, a language spoken in Great Britain. The book is from the United States, where Barack Obama is a leader and African Americans are an ethnic group.'
'A Severed Wasp is from the United States, where English is the language spoken in Great Britain. The capital of the United States is Washington D.C. and African Americans are an ethnic group.'
'Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States, where Joe Biden is a leader and English is the language spoken in Great Britain. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.'
'The capital of the United Kingdom is London and the leader is Elizabeth II. The English language is spoken in the UK and the AIDS journal is published there. David Cameron is a leader in the UK and Elizabeth II is a leader.'
'The AIDS journal is published in the UK by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, whose parent company is Wolters Kluwer. The leader of the UK is Elizabeth II and David Cameron.'
'A Severed Wasp is from the United States where Barack Obama is a leader and Native Americans are an ethnic group. English is the language spoken in Great Britain.'
'A Severed Wasp is from the United States, where Barack Obama is a leader and English is the language spoken in Great Britain. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.'
'Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas in the United States. He was a crew member of Apollo 12 which was operated by NASA and was commanded by David Scott. Alan Bean is now retired.'
'Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on 18 November 1923. He graduated from NWC in 1957 with an M.A. He was selected by NASA in 1959 and died in California.'
'Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire. He graduated from NWC in 1957 with an M.A. He was selected by NASA in 1959 and died in California.'
'Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th, 1923 and died in California. He was a crew member of Apollo 14 operated by NASA and retired on August 1st, 1974.'
'Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California on July 21, 1998. He was awarded the American Defense Service ribbon and the Distinguished Service Medal, which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.'
'Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on January 20th 1930. He graduated from MIT in 1963 with a Sc.D. He was a fighter pilot and was a crew member of Apollo 11. His alternative name was Edwin E. Aldrin Jr.'
'Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on January 20th 1930. He graduated from MIT in 1963 with a Sc.D. He was selected by NASA in 1963 and was a crew member of Apollo 11. He is now retired.'
'Buzz Aldrin graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 with a Sc.D. He was a fighter pilot and was a crew member of Apollo 11 operated by NASA. William Anders was a backup pilot.'
'Elliot See was born in Dallas, United States and graduated from the University of Texas at Austin. He died in St Louis on February 28th 1966.'
'Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas. He attended the University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated to the University of Texas System. He died in St Louis.'
'William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on October 17th 1933 and graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M.S. He was a fighter pilot and was a crew member on Apollo 8. He retired on 1969-09-01.'
'Hypermarcas, a S.A. corporation located in Brazil, produces drugs and is a key player in the pharmaceutical industry. The company was founded on 01-01-2001 and its key person is the CEO.'
'Trane, founded in La Crosse, Wisconsin on 1913-01-01, manufactures HVAC products and has 29000 employees. Trane has a revenue of $10,264,000,000 and an operating income of $875,400,000.'
'The bronze Ataturk monument in Izmir, Turkey was designed by Pietro Canonica and was inaugurated on 27 July 1932. The capital of Turkey is Ankara and the leader is Ahmet Davutoglu.'
'The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan and was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner. The memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku and was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner. Artur Rasizade is the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan.'
'The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield, Frederick County, Maryland. It was established on 11 July 1907 and is owned by the National Park Service. The monument is categorised as a historic district in the United States.'
'The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield in Frederick County, Maryland, United States. It was established on 11 July 1907 and belongs to the National Park Service.'
'The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Ticino, Switzerland. It was established in 1996 and has 600 students. Johann Schneider-Ammann is the Federal Chancellor of Switzerland.'
'The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, Karnataka, India. It was established in 2000 and its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar.'
'The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. Its president is B.M. Reddy and its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar.'
'The Acharya Institute of Technology in Karnataka is located to the west of the Arabian Sea and was given the Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai. Tennis is a sport governed by the International Tennis Federation.'
'The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum and was given the Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai. Tennis is a sport governed by the International Tennis Federation.'
'The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania, the capital of which is Bucharest. The country is led by Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis and has the Germans of Romania as an ethnic group. Andrew the Apostle is the patron saint of Romania.'
'The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the European University Association. It has an academic staff of 737 and is located in the city of Aarhus. The leader of Denmark is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.'
'The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the European University Association. It has 16000 students and 737 academic staff.'
'Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas on March 15th, 1932. He was a US national and a test pilot. He was a crew member of Apollo 12 which was operated by NASA. He is now retired.'
'Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas and graduated from UT Austin with a B.S. in 1955. He served as a test pilot and was a crew member of Apollo 12 which was operated by NASA and was commanded by David Scott. He is now retired.'
'Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th, 1923. He graduated from NWC in 1957 with an M.A. He was selected by NASA in 1959 and served as a crew member on Apollo 14. He died in California.'
'Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on 18 November 1923 and died in California. He graduated from NWC with an M.A. in 1957 and was a test pilot. He was a U.S. national.'
'Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire and died in California. He was a test pilot and was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.'
'Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and graduated from MIT in 1963 with a Sc.D. He was a fighter pilot and was a crew member of Apollo 11. He is now retired. His alternative name is Edwin E. Aldrin Jr.'
'Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, Essex County, New Jersey in the United States. He was a crew member of Apollo 11 which was operated by NASA and was led by Joe Biden. William Anders was a backup pilot on Apollo 11.'
'Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on January 20th 1930. He graduated from MIT in 1963 with a Sc.D. He was a crew member of Apollo 11 operated by NASA and is now retired.'
'Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and graduated from MIT in 1963 with a Sc.D. He was a fighter pilot and was a crew member of Apollo 11 which was operated by NASA. William Anders was a backup pilot.'
'Elliot See was born in Dallas on July 23rd, 1927. He attended the University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated to the University of Texas System. He was a test pilot and died in St Louis.'
'Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas. He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin and was a test pilot. He died on 28th February 1966 in St Louis.'
'William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on October 17th 1933 and graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M.S. He was a fighter pilot and retired on 1969-09-01. He is a United States national.'
'Hypermarcas, located in So Paulo, produces pharmaceuticals and has 10252 employees. Mantecorp is a subsidiary of Hypermarcas which has a net income of 108600000 and a revenue of 1800000000.'
'The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in the municipality of Gettysburg, Adams County, Pennsylvania, United States. It was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property. Adams County is to the southeast of Carroll County, Maryland and to the north of Cumberland County, Pennsylvania.'
'The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner, is located in Azerbaijan. It is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. The capital of Azerbaijan is Baku and the leader is the Prime Minister. The legislature of Azerbaijan is the National Assembly.'
'The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, Karnataka, India. It was established in 2000 and its president is B.M. Reddy. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.'
'The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, India. It was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.'
'The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, India. It was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. Its president is B.M. Reddy and its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar.'
'The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, India. It was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum. It has 700 postgraduate students and its president is B.M. Reddy.'
'AWH Engineering College is located in Kuttikkattoor, Kerala, India. The largest city in India is Mumbai and the Ganges is a river in the country. The college has 250 academic staff and is located in the state of Kerala which has Mahe to its northwest.'
'The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Romania. The capital of Romania is Bucharest and the leader is the Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis. One of the ethnic groups in Romania are the Germans of Romania. The anthem of Romania is Deșteaptă-te, române!'
'The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, Karnataka, India. It was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum. Its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar.'
