The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene in Texas.
The generated text is : Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport is located at Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas.
The generated text is : The runway name at Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport is 18L/36R.
The generated text is : SBCT is the ICAO location identifier of Afonso Pena International Airport.
The generated text is : Afonso Pena International Airport serves Curitiba.
The generated text is : Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah.
The generated text is : The length of the runway at Al-Taqaddum Air Base is 3684.0.
The generated text is : 14/32 is the runway name of Alderney Airport.
The generated text is : The runway at Allama Iqbal International Airport has a length of 3360.12.
The generated text is : The Amsterdam Airport Schiphol's 1st runway number is 18.
The generated text is : The fifth runway of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol has an asphalt surface.
The generated text is : 06/24, Kaagbaan, is the runway name of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol.
The generated text is : Andrews airport's is 973.0 above sea level.
The generated text is : The owner of Andrews County airport is Andrews County, Texas.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Asphalt is the surface of the first runway of Angola International Airport.
The generated text is : Antwerp International Airport has an elevation of 12.0 metres above sea level.e.
The generated text is : The operating organisation of Antwerp International airport is the Flemish government.
The generated text is : The runway length of the Appleton International airport is 2439 units.
The generated text is : The runway length of Ardmore Airport, New Zealand, is 518.0.
The generated text is : The ICAO Location Identifier of Ashgabat International Airport is UTAA.
The generated text is : The runway name at Ashgabat International airport is 11/29.
The generated text is : South Jersey Transportation Authority is the owner of the Atlantic City International Airport.
The generated text is : 13/31 is the runway name for Atlantic City International airport.
The generated text is : Dutch is the language spoken in Belgium.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : The inhabitants of Denmark have the demonym of Danes.
The generated text is : Fallujah is located in the country of Iraq.
The generated text is : Greenville, Wisconsin is located in the United States.
The generated text is : Greenville, Wisconsin is in Grand Chute, Wisconsin.
The generated text is : Arabic is the language in Iraq.
The generated text is : The city of Madrid is found in Spain.
The generated text is : Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan is part of the United States.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : The Port Authority of N.Y. and N.J. serves New Jersey.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : The United States Air Force was fighting in the United States bombing of Libya in 1986.
The generated text is : The Boeing C-17 Globemaster III is a transport aircraft of the United States Air Force.
The generated text is : The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000.
The generated text is : Adams County, Pennsylvania has Carroll County, Maryland to its southeast.
The generated text is : Artur Rasizade is an Azerbaijan leader.
The generated text is : The title of the leader of Azerbaijan is Prime Minister of Azerbaijan.
The generated text is : The native name of the Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is Turk Sehitleri Aniti.
The generated text is : The address, 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa.
The generated text is : The architectural style of 250 Delaware Avenue is Postmodern.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : George Winkler is the architect of the 320 South Boston Building.
The generated text is : Construction of the 320 South Boston Building began in 1910.
The generated text is : The number of rooms in the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is 814.
The generated text is : James Pain and George Richard Pain are the architects of the Adare Manor.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : The address of Amdavad ni Gufa is Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, near CEPT University, opp. Gujarat University, University Road.
The generated text is : The Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House has a reference number of 88002539 in the National Register of Historic Places.
The generated text is : The architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds was Julia Morgan.
The generated text is : The architecture of Asilomar Conference Grounds is of the "Arts and Crafts Movement and American Craftsman Bungalows".
The generated text is : The Asilomar Conference Grounds was constructed in 1913.
The generated text is : The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City.
The generated text is : Buffalo, New York is part of Erie County in New York.
The generated text is : Byron Brown is the leader of Buffalo, New York.
The generated text is : County Limerick is part of Munster.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : The name of the leader in Ethiopia is Mulatu Teshome.
The generated text is : A demonym for residents of India is Indian People.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Live Nation Entertainment is located in Beverly Hills, California.
The generated text is : Manhattan is a part of New York.
The generated text is : New York city is part of New Netherland.
The generated text is : Pacific Grove is part of California.
The generated text is : One of the ethnic groups in South Africa is White South Africans.
The generated text is : The leader of the United Kingdom is Elizabeth II.
The generated text is : 1634: The Ram Rebellion has the ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0.
The generated text is : Eric Flint wrote the book "1634: The Ram Rebellion".
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : AIDS journal is from the United Kingdom.
The generated text is : The OCLC number of "A Glastonbury Romance is 76798317.
The generated text is : A Glastonbury Romance is available in hardcover.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : A Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane.
The generated text is : Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg can be located by the ISSN number "0025-5858".
The generated text is : The author of Above the Veil is Garth Nix.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica ISSN number is "0567-7920".
The generated text is : The Addiction journal has an LCCN number of 93645978.
The generated text is : Addiction (journal) is about Addiction.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians comes from the U.S.
The generated text is : Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was in English.
The generated text is : The American Journal of Mathematics discipline is Math.
The generated text is : Castle (the novel) is written in the English language.
The generated text is : Eric Flint was born in Burbank, California.
The generated text is : The parent company of Farrar, Straus and Giroux is Macmillan Publishers.
The generated text is : A notable work of John Cowper Powys is A Glastonbury Romance.
The generated text is : Soho Press is located in the United States.
The generated text is : Faber and Faber publish The Secret Scripture.
The generated text is : Asian Americans is one of the ethnic groups in the United States.
The generated text is : The language of the United States is English.
The generated text is : A Glastonbury Romance was published before Weymouth Sands.
The generated text is : Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona is managed by Rolando Maran.
The generated text is : A.D. Isidro Metapán is in the Salvadoran Primera División league.
The generated text is : A.F.C. Blackpool fullname is "Association Football Club Blackpool".
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : AFC Blackpool ground is located in Blackpool.
The generated text is : A.S. Gubbio 1910 has a ground in Gubbio.
The generated text is : A.S. Gubbio has 5300 members.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : AZAL Arena is located in Baku.
The generated text is : The AZAL PFK competes in The Azerbaijan Premier League.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Akron, Ohio is in the USA.
The generated text is : Akron, Ohio is located in Summit County, Ohio,.
The generated text is : Akron Summit Assault fullname is "Akron Metro Futbol Club Summit Assault".
The generated text is : Eberhard van der Laan is a leader in Amsterdam.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Christian Panucci played for Inter Milan.
The generated text is : Frank de Boer is attached to the club FC Barcelona.
The generated text is : Gubbio is a region of Umbria.
The generated text is : Sergio Mattarella is the leader of Italy.
The generated text is : Jens Härtel played for FC Sachsen Leipzig.
The generated text is : Jorge Humberto Rodríguez is in the FC Dallas club.
The generated text is : Luciano Spalletti has been associated with Udinese Calcio.
The generated text is : Massimo Drago plays for A.S.D. S.S. Nola 1925.
The generated text is : Michele Marcolini is part of the Atalanta B.C. club.
The generated text is : Michele Marcolini is in the Vicenza Calcio club.
The generated text is : Peter Stoger is attached to the club 1 FC Koln.
The generated text is : Rolando Maran plays for F.C. Bari 1908.
The generated text is : Jong Ajax is the tenant of Sportpark De Toekomst.
The generated text is : St. Vincent St.Mary High School is located in United States.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Acharya Institute of Technology's president is B.M. Reddy.
The generated text is : Kerala has to its northwest Mahé in India.
The generated text is : Mendrisio is a neighbouring municipality of Meride.
The generated text is : Bucharest is the capital of Romania.
The generated text is : The dean of School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is Thomas Pallesen.
The generated text is : Aarhus University School of Business and Social Sciences' number of students are 16000.
The generated text is : Alan Bean's nationality is the United States.
The generated text is : Apollo 8's backup pilot was Buzz Aldrin.
The generated text is : Buzz Aldrin graduated in 1963 from MIT with a Sc.D.
The generated text is : Buzz Aldrin was a member of the Apollo 11 crew.
The generated text is : Buzz Aldrin was selected by NASA in 1963.
The generated text is : California has a gemstone called Benitoite.
The generated text is : Elliot See died on the 28th of February 1966.
The generated text is : Elliot See died in St Louis.
The generated text is : Elliot See has died.
The generated text is : Kevin Eastman is the creator of April O'Neil.
The generated text is : Bananaman the TV series was shown on the BBC.
The generated text is : Ben Urich's full name is Benjamin Urich.
The generated text is : The creator of Bibbo Bibbowski is Jerry Ordway.
The generated text is : Bo Bibbowski is often called Bibbo.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : The alternative name of Black Pirate is "Jon Valor".
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Karl Kesel is an American.
The generated text is : Marv Wolfman won the Kirby Award.
The generated text is : Peter Laird is a United States American.
The generated text is : Scott Adsit was born in Northbrook Illinois.
The generated text is : The area code for Albany, Georgia, is 229.
The generated text is : Albany, Oregon is part of the United States.
The generated text is : The Mayor leads Albuquerque, New Mexico.
The generated text is : Albuquerque, New Mexico is led by the New Mexico house of representatives.
The generated text is : Albuquerque, New Mexico is led by the New Mexico Senate.
The generated text is : The Area of Amarillo, Texas is 233.9 (square kilometers).
The generated text is : Amarillo, Texas is part of Randall County, Texas.
The generated text is : Anderson is part of Richland Township, Madison County, Indiana.
The generated text is : The elevation above the sea level in Angola, Indiana, is 324.0.
The generated text is : The area code for Antioch, California is 925.
The generated text is : Antioch, California is a part of Contra Costa County California.
The generated text is : There are 1472 people per square kilometer in Arlington, Texas.
The generated text is : Kasim Reed is the leader of Atlanta.
The generated text is : The total area of Atlantic City, New Jersey is 44.125 square kilometres.
The generated text is : Atlantic City, is a part of New Jersey.
The generated text is : Attica, Indiana is 166 above sea level.
The generated text is : Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County.
The generated text is : The total area of Auburn, Washington is 77.41 sq kms.
The generated text is : Austin is a part of Texas.
The generated text is : The Spanish language is spoken in California.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Fulton County, in Georgia is part of the U.S.
The generated text is : The county seat of Madison County, Indiana is Anderson.
The generated text is : Michigan is in the U.S.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Orange County, California is located in the United States.
The generated text is : Oregon 's largest city is Portland.
The generated text is : The largest city in Tarrant County, Texas, is Fort Worth.
The generated text is : The leader of the United States is Barack Obama.
The generated text is : The U.S. House of Representatives is in the U.S. Capitol.
The generated text is : Pecorino Romano is an ingredient used in Amatriciana sauce.
The generated text is : The chili pepper serves as an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce.
The generated text is : white rice is an ingredient in Arròs negre.
The generated text is : Arròs negre is from the Catalonia region.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore.
The generated text is : one of the ingredients of the BLT Sandwich is Tomato.
The generated text is : Baked Alaska hails from Hong Kong.
The generated text is : Bakewell pudding can be served warm or cold.
The generated text is : Bandeja paisa is typical Colombian cuisine.
The generated text is : An ingredient found in Bandeja paisa is Chicharrón.
The generated text is : Bandeja paisa is a traditional dish from the Paisa region.
The generated text is : Serving size for the Barny cakes is 30.0g.
The generated text is : Shumai is a variation of Batagor.
The generated text is : Batagor has these main ingredients - fried fish dumplings, tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce.
The generated text is : one of the ingredients for Batchoy is Shrimp.
The generated text is : Beef kway teow comes from the region of Indonesia.
The generated text is : Bhajji is also known as Bhaji or bajji.
The generated text is : Taro is an ingredient in Binignit.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Bionico comes from the region Jalisco.
The generated text is : the class of chickens is bird.
The generated text is : Indian rupee is the currency in India.
The generated text is : Sumitra Mahajan is the leader of India.
The generated text is : Indonesian is the language of Indonesia.
The generated text is : Aristoteles Sandoval is a leader in Jalisco.
The generated text is : The Banyumasan people are an ethnic group in Java.
The generated text is : Malaysian Malay is an ethnic group in Malaysia.
The generated text is : The name of the leader of Mexico is Silvano Aureoles Conejo.
The generated text is : one of the languages of New York is Spanish.
The generated text is : Shumai is a dish from China.
The generated text is : Peanut sauce is an ingredient of Siomay.
The generated text is : Malays are an ethnic group in Sumatra.
The generated text is : David Cameron is a leader in the United Kingdom.
The generated text is : The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in the year 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property.
The generated text is : The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield which nearest city is Frederick, Maryland.
The generated text is : The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army Soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku and located in Azerbaijan.
The generated text is : The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is known locally as Türk Şehitleri Anıtı and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku.
The generated text is : An ethnic group in the United States are African Americans. Akron, Ohio is located in the U.S.
The generated text is : Albany is a city in Oregon whose capital is Salem.
The generated text is : New Mexico in the United States is home to Albuquerque, where the leader is the United States House of Representatives.
The generated text is : Amarillo is part of Texas and is located in the United States.
The generated text is : The United States House of Representatives leads Anaheim, which is part of California.
The generated text is : Anaheim is part of Orange County, California, United States.
The generated text is : Anderson can be found within Adams Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States.
The generated text is : Antioch, California lies 13.0 metres above sea level and covers an area of 75.324 square kilometres.
The generated text is : Arlington, Texas, located 184.0 above sea level, covers an area of 258.2 square kilometres.
The generated text is : Arlington is part of the state of Texas U.S.
The generated text is : Atlanta is part of Georgia in the US.
The generated text is : Atlantic City is part of Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States.
The generated text is : The United States has the capital city of Washington DC and is the location of Atlantic City, New Jersey.
The generated text is : Atlantic City is part of Atlantic County, New Jersey, in the United States.
The generated text is : Atlantic City, New Jersey, has a population density of 1421.2 inhabitants per square kilometre. The total area of the city is 44.125 square kilometres.
The generated text is : Auburn is in Pierce County, Washington, United States.
The generated text is : Washington DC is the capital of the United States, where Albany, Oregon is located.
The generated text is : Washington, D.C. is the capital of the United States, which is the home country to Amarillo,Texas.
The generated text is : Albuquerque, New Mexico, is part of the United States, where the African Americans are an ethnic group.
The generated text is : The United States is the location of Albany, Georgia and includes Native Americans among its ethnic groups.
The generated text is : The Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States, where Auburn, Alabama can be found.
The generated text is : Akron, Ohio is located within the United States, where English is the language spoken.
The generated text is : Albuquerque, New Mexico, is within the United States; the leader of which, is called the President of the United States.
The generated text is : Amatriciana is a sauce containing tomato that comes from Italy.
The generated text is : Arem-arem is commonly served in Indonesia where Jusuf Kalla is leader.
The generated text is : Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy where the Italian language is spoken.
The generated text is : Arrabbiata sauce can be found in Italy where Sergio Mattarella is the leader.
The generated text is : Arrabbiata sauce can be found in Italy and one of the ingredients in it is chili pepper.
The generated text is : Arros negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community in Spain.
The generated text is : Fish is cooked in sour and hot sauce to create an Asam Pedas which originates from the country of Indonesia.
The generated text is : Ayam penyet comes from both Malaysia and Indonesia.
The generated text is : BLT is a variation of the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich.
The generated text is : Aside from the main ingredient bacon, sausage is included in the Bacon Explosion.
The generated text is : The bacon sandwich, which always includes bacon, has different names including: Bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm and bacon muffin.
The generated text is : An ingredient in a bacon sandwich is bread and a variation is the BLT.
The generated text is : Baked Alaska (France) uses sponge cake as an ingredient.
The generated text is : France (led by Manuel Valls) is the origin of Baked Alaska.
The generated text is : Baked Alaska, a United States dish, includes the ingredient meringue.
The generated text is : The Bakewell tart, containing fruit preserves, is a variation of Bakewell pudding.
The generated text is : Vermicelli is included in the Indonesian dish of bakso.
The generated text is : Celery, which is part of the Apiaceae family, is an ingredient of Bakso.
The generated text is : Chicharrón is one of the ingredients in Colombian cuisine's Bandeja paisa.
The generated text is : Barny cakes can be found in France where the leader is Claude Bartolone.
The generated text is : Batagor, which has peanut sauce as an ingredient, is found in Indonesia.
The generated text is : The dishes Batagor and Siomay both contain the ingredient peanut sauce.
The generated text is : Palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow which comes from Singapore.
The generated text is : Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore where Halimah Yacob is the leader.
The generated text is : Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced dried black beans, garlic, soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of Beef Kway Teow which is a dish found in Indonesia and Singapore.
The generated text is : Bhajji originates from India which is where Indian people are from.
The generated text is : Bhajji and T.S. Thakur are from India and Thakkur is the leader.
The generated text is : The Igorot people are an ethnic group found in the Philippines which is also home to the binignit dish.
The generated text is : One of the main ingredients in binignit is banana and it can be found in the Philippines.
The generated text is : One of the main ingredients of Binignit is the sweet potato, and it also contains banana.
The generated text is : Enrique Pena Nieto is the leader of Mexico, where the food bionico is found.
The generated text is : Granola is a required ingredient of the Guadalajara regional dish, Bionico.
The generated text is : Bionico is a dish served for dessert as is cake.
The generated text is : Indonesia is the country Bakso comes from and the leader is Joko Widodo.
The generated text is : Shiitake is an ingredient of Shumai which has a variation known as Batagor.
The generated text is : Aarhus Lufthavn A/S is the operation organisation of Aarhus Airport which has a runway length of 2777.
The generated text is : Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastian de los Reyes and Alcobendas and lies 610 metres above sea level.
The generated text is : The runway length at Adolfo Suarez Madrid- Barajas airport is 3500. It is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastian de los Reyes and Alcobendas.
The generated text is : Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh, which is part of Awadh.
The generated text is : Al Asad Airbase is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq and has a runway length of 3090.0.
The generated text is : Al Asad Airbase is found in Iraq where the language is Arabic.
The generated text is : Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who were involved in battles at the Invasion of Grenada.
The generated text is : The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae, which is in the Monocotyledon class.
The generated text is : The first runway at Alderney Airport is made of asphalt, and its length is 877.
The generated text is : Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Pakistan who's leader is Anwar Zaheer Jamali.
The generated text is : The Allama Iqbal International Airport is found in Punjab, Pakistan and has a runway length of 2900.0.
The generated text is : Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is -3.3528 from sea level and the length of its first runway is 3800 metres.
The generated text is : Amsterdam airport Schiphol os -3.3528 from sea level and the 1st runway is made from Asphalt.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where the largest city is Houston.
The generated text is : The runway length of Angola International Airport, which serves the city of Luanda, is 3800.0.
The generated text is : The runway length of Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is 597.0 and its 3rd runway has a surface type of Poaceae.
The generated text is : The Ashgabat International Airport is 211 metres above sea level and its first runway has a length of 12467 feet.
The generated text is : The headquarters of Turkmenistan Airlines are located in Turkmenistan and they are the operating organisation for Ashgabat International Airport.
The generated text is : Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States.
The generated text is : The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey operate the Atlantic City International Airport which has a runway known as 4/22.
The generated text is : Operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, Atlantic City International Airport has a runway which is 3048.0 metres long.
The generated text is : Afonso Pena International Airport is operated by Infraero, Brasilia.
The generated text is : FC Magdeburg played in the Regionalliga in 2014-15 season and has 27250 members.
The generated text is : Verona, Italy is the home to A.C. Chievo Verona who have 39371 members.
The generated text is : Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona is managed by Italian born Rolando Maran.
The generated text is : Jorge Humberto Rodriguez, manager of A D Isidro Metapan, plays for FC Dallas.
The generated text is : A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis were in the 2014–15 A EPSTH. Greece season, and have 1500 members.
The generated text is : The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker who played for Blackburn Rovers FC.
The generated text is : The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer) who is a member of the Irlam Town F.C.
The generated text is : The ground of AFC Fylde, which holds 3180 fans, can be found in the county of Lancashire.
The generated text is : A.S. Gubbio 1910, which has its ground in Gubbio, has 5300 members.
The generated text is : AS Livorno Calcio play in Serie B, and their grounds are in Livorno.
The generated text is : A.S Livorno Calcio is managed by Christian Panucci, who plays for A S Roma.
The generated text is : Paulo Sousa is the manager of the ACF Fiorentina and his club is Juventus.
The generated text is : The full name of ACF Fiorentia is "ACF Fiorentina S.p.A." and they have 47290 members.
The generated text is : AEK Athens's ground is in Greece and the club has 69618 members.
The generated text is : The Olympic Stadium, in Athens, is the home ground of AEK Athens FC which is in the Superleague of Greece.
The generated text is : Jong Ajax is the tenant of Sportpark De Toekomst which is the ground for AFC Ajac (amateurs).
The generated text is : AZAL Arena, Shuvalan, Baku, Azerbaijan, is the ground of AZAL PFK.
The generated text is : Akron Summit Assault; has 3000 members and plays in the 2011 PDL season.
The generated text is : The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is in Gubbio in the region of Umbria.
The generated text is : The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where Pietro Grasso is the leader.
The generated text is : The manager of A.S. Roma is Luciano Spalletti who plays for Empoli F.C.
The generated text is : Eric Flint is the author of 1634: The Bavarian Crisis which is preceded by The Grantville Gazettes.
The generated text is : 1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Virginia DeMarce and can be found as an Ebook.
The generated text is : The EISSN number of AIP Advances (abbreviated to "AIP Adv.") is 2158.
The generated text is : A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by J. V. Jones and is available in print.
The generated text is : A Fortress of Grey Ice with ISBM 0-7653-0633-6 has 672 pages.
The generated text is : A Glastonbury Romance which written by John Cowper Powys, was followed by Weymouth Sands.
The generated text is : A Long Long Way which has the OCLC number 57392246, was published in Print & Paperback.
The generated text is : A Long Long Way is 292 pages long, and has the ISBN number 0-670-03380-4.
The generated text is : A Long Long Way was published by Viking Press a subsidiary of Penguin Random House.
The generated text is : A Loyal Character Dancer which is in print, was written by Qiu Xiaolong.
The generated text is : A Severed Wasp has the ISBN number 0-374-26131-8 and OCLC number 8805735.
The generated text is : A Severed Wasp, OCLC number 8805735, is a hardcover book.
The generated text is : English is spoken in Great Britain and A Severed Wasp was written in this language.
The generated text is : The book "A Severed Wasp" is available in print and has an ISBN number of "0-374-26131-8".
The generated text is : Julius Springer founded Springer Science and Business Media, the publisher of Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universitat Hamburg.
The generated text is : Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has the ISBN number 0-439-92550-9 and can be found under the genre of fantasy literature.
The generated text is : The ISBN number of "Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians" is 0-439-92550-9; the OCLC number is 78771100.
The generated text is : Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener's Bones, written by Brandon Sanderson was the follow up book to Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians.
The generated text is : Am. J. Math. is the abbreviation of the American Journal of Mathematics which comes under the discipline of Math.
The generated text is : Johns Hopkins University Press is the publisher of the American Journal of Mathematics with Johns Hopkins University being the parent company.
The generated text is : Washington D. C. is the capital of the United States, the country where '1634 The Ram Rebellion' comes from.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States, which has among its ethnic groups African Americans.
The generated text is : ' A Wizard of Mars' was Published in the United States, a country where one of the ethnic groups is African Americans.
The generated text is : A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States, where many Asian Americans live.
The generated text is : 1 Decembrie 1918 University's nickname is Uab and is located in Alba.
The generated text is : Acharya Institute of Technology in Belgaum is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The generated text is : The president of Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore is B.M. Reddy.
The generated text is : It was the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai that gave Acharya Institute of Technology its Technical Campus status.
The generated text is : AWH Engineering College is in the state of Kerala, whose leader is Kochi.
The generated text is : The character, April O'Neil, was created by Peter Laird, a United States national.
The generated text is : Bananaman was broadcast by the BBC and starred Jill Shilling.
The generated text is : Bananaman stars Graeme Garden, and is broadcasted by STV.
The generated text is : Tim Brooke Taylor, was born in Derbyshire, and starred in Bananaman.
The generated text is : Baymax first appeared in the film Big Hero 6, starring Alan Tudyk.
The generated text is : The first appearance in a film for the character Baymax was Big Hero 6 which starred Scott Adsit.
The generated text is : Baymax was created by Steven t Seagle and is a character in Big Hero 6.
The generated text is : Roger McKenzie is the comic book writer who created Ben Urich (full name Benjamin Urich).
The generated text is : Jerry Ordway and Marv Wolfman are the creators of Bibbo Bibbowski.
The generated text is : Marv Wolfman was creator of Bibbo Bibbowski, often called Bo Bibbowski.
The generated text is : Born on March 15, 1932, Alan Bean has now retired.
The generated text is : Test pilot Alan Shepard has died.
The generated text is : Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on January 20, 1930.
The generated text is : Buzz Aldrin was born in Essex County, at Glen Ridge New Jersey.
The generated text is : William Anders was a member of the Apollo 8 crew and was born in British Hong Kong.
The generated text is : William Anders, who received a M.S from his alma Mater, AFIT, in 1962, is retired.
The generated text is : 108 St Georges Terrace, completed in 1988, has 50 floors.
The generated text is : 200 Public Square in the United States has a floor count of 45.
The generated text is : 20 Fenchurch Street has 34 floors and has a floor area of 62145.3 square metres.
The generated text is : 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago and has 60 floors.
The generated text is : George Winkler, from the United States of America, was the architect of 320 South Boston Building.
The generated text is : The 3Arena, created by architect HOK SVE, is located at East Link Bridge.
The generated text is : The 3Arena, designed by Populous, is located in Dublin.
The generated text is : The tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky, located in Copenhagen, is Marriott International.
The generated text is : The architect George Richard Pain completed Adare Manor in 1862.
The generated text is : Adare Manor is located in Adare, in County Limerick.
The generated text is : Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia.
The generated text is : Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka and is Tudor Revival in style.
The generated text is : Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka and it's architectural style is Tudor Revival.
The generated text is : Akita Museum of Art is located in Japan where some Brazilians are found.
The generated text is : The Akita Museum of Art, found at 1-4-2 Nakadori, has 3 floors.
The generated text is : Amdavad ni Gufa is at Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, near CEPT University, opp. Gujarat University, University Road in Gujarat.
The generated text is : Ampara Hospital is located in Eastern Province, Sri Lanka whose leader is Austin Fernando.
The generated text is : The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City which is in the United States.
The generated text is : Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City which contains Brooklyn.
The generated text is : Adare Manor is located in County Limerick which is part of Munster.
The generated text is : The 3Arena is located in Dublin in the Republic of Ireland.
The generated text is : Retired US National Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Buzz Aldrin, a US national, was selected by NASA in 1963 having graduated from MIT in 1963 with a doctorate in Science.
The generated text is : Elliot See, a US national born in Dallas, was a student at University of Texas at Austin.
The generated text is : Elliot See who was selected by NASA in 1962, attended the University of Texas at Austin and died in St Louis.
The generated text is : Elliot See, who attended the University of Texas at Austin, died in St. Louis, whose Mayor is Francis G. Slay.
The generated text is : Elliot See died on 28 February, 1966 in St. Louis a part of the kingdom of France.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : 1634: The Bavarian Crisis is written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint and has 448 pages in print.
The generated text is : English is spoken in Great Britain and is the language used in 1634: The Ram Rebellion. The book was preceded by 1634 The Galileo Affair.
The generated text is : The Association for Computing Machinery is led by Alexander L. Wolf and is headquartered in New York City. They publish ACM Transactions on Information Systems.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : AIDS Journal (ISSN number 1473-5571) comes under the academic discipline HIV and studies HIV/AIDS.
The generated text is : The United States is the residence of A T Charlie Johnson who edited AIP Advances and has Stanford University for an Alma mater.
The generated text is : The author of A Fortress of Grey Ice is J.V. Jones. The ISBN is 0-7653-0633-6 and the OCLC number is 51969173.
The generated text is : A Loyal Character Dancer, authored by Qiu Xiaolong, has a OCLC number of 49805501 and a ISBN number of 1-56947-301-3.
The generated text is : A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press and written in English. Soho Press is situated in the US.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : A Severed Wasp is a hardcover book that has 388 pages and has the OCLC number 8805735.
The generated text is : The Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universitat Hamburg, abbreviated as Abh.Math,Semin.Univ.Hambg, has an LCCN number of 32024459 and ISSN number 1865-8784.
The generated text is : Above the Veil (which came after the book Aenir) is written in English and comes from Australia.
The generated text is : Aenir and it's successor Above the Veil is written in English by Garth Nix.
The generated text is : Above the Veil has 248 pages and was written by Garth Nix. It is available in hardcover.
The generated text is : Acta Palaeontologica Polonica has the ISSN number 0567-7920 and the LCCN number of 60040714. It is abbreviated to Acta Palaeontol. Pol..
The generated text is : The journal Addiction has the ISSN number 1360-0443, it is about addiction and has the same abbreviation.
The generated text is : Wiley-Blackwell, whose parent company is John Wiley & Sons, is the publisher of Addiction (journal) which has an ISSN number of 0965-2140.
The generated text is : Cornell University which is in new York, is affiliated with the Association of American Universities and is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly.
The generated text is : Garth Nix is the author of Aenir which is written in the English language. This novel was followed up with the book Above the Veil.
The generated text is : Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States and written in the English language which is spoken in Great Britain.
The generated text is : Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is published in Hardcover, is 320 pages long and has the OCLC number of 7877110.
The generated text is : Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States where they speak English as they do in Great Britain.
The generated text is : John Cowper Powys, author of A Glastonbury Romance, was born in Shirley, Derbyshire, and died in Blaenau Ffestiniog.
The generated text is : Sara Miller McCune founded SAGE Publications who publish Administrative Science Quarterly with ISSN number "0001-8392".
The generated text is : A severed Wasp originates from the United States where the capital is Washington DC and the Native Americans are an ethnic group.
The generated text is : A Wizard of Mars was originally published in the United States and is written in English. African Americans are one of many ethnic groups in the U.S.
The generated text is : The United States are home to Asian Americans as well as where "A Wizard of Mars" was published. Washington D.C. is the capital.
The generated text is : A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and there are many Asian Americans.
The generated text is : 1634 The Ram Rebellion was written in the United States where the leader is known as the President, and the African Americans are an ethnic group.
The generated text is : A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where the leader is known as the President and the Native Americans are an ethnic group.
The generated text is : Jens Härtel has been the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg and plays for both 1. FC Lokomotive Leipzig and SV Germania Schoneiche.
The generated text is : Massimo Drago played for A.S.D. S.S. Nola 1925, managed A C Cesena and now plays for A.S.D. Licata 1931.
The generated text is : Associazione Calcio Lumezzane SpA (abbreviated to A.C. Lumezzane) play in the Lega Pro/A and has 4150 members.
The generated text is : Jorge Humberto Rodriguez is the manager of A.D. Isidro Metapan and his club is Alianza F.C. but he plays for the El Salvador national football team.
The generated text is : Antonis Milionis is chairman of A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis. they have 1500 members and their ground is located in the town of Efxeinoupoli.
The generated text is : A.F.C. Blackpool fullname is "Association Football Club Blackpool", they have 1500 members and their ground is located in Blackpool.
The generated text is : The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer) who is attached to Chesterfield football club and used to play for Runcorn FC Halton.
The generated text is : Dave Challinor played for Stockport County F.C., is at Colwyn Bay FC and is the manager of AFC Fylde.
The generated text is : AS Livorno Calcio's home ground is in Livorno, Italy. It has the full name of "Livorno Calcio S.p.A" and has 19238 members.
The generated text is : A.S. Livorno Calcio are managed by Christian Panucci. They play in Serie B where Carpi FC 1909 are the champions.
The generated text is : A.S. Livorno Calcio is managed by Christian Panucci who has played for Chelsea FC and was attached to the Real Madrid CF club.
The generated text is : AEK Athens's ground is in Greece and it competes in the Superleague Greece, the past champions were Olympiacos F.C.
The generated text is : AEK Athens F.C. manager is Gus Poyet who's club is Real Zaragoza, having previously played for Chelsea F.C.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : The ground of AFC Ajax (amateurs) can be found in Amsterdam, which has Eberhard van der Laan as leader, and a region called Amsterdam-Noord.
The generated text is : John van den Brom, who manages AZ Alkmaar, plays for Jong Ajax and Istanbulspor AS.
The generated text is : Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil. Their ground is the Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca.
The generated text is : Luciano Spalletti played for Udinese Calcio and now manages A.S. Roma and plays for Empoli F.C..
The generated text is : Massimo Drago has been the manager of A C Cesena and was at the club ASD Licita 1931. He now plays for S.S. Chieti Calcio.
The generated text is : Massimo Drago plays for U.S Castrovillari Calcio and A.S.D. S.S. Nola 1925. He also manages AC Cesena.
The generated text is : Massimo Drago's club is the S.S. Chieti Calcio, he also manages A.C. Cesena and was once a player for US Castrovillari Calcio.
The generated text is : 103 Colmore Row was designed by Birmingham born architect John Madin.
The generated text is : 200 Public square is in Cleveland which is part of Cuyahoga County, Ohio. The leader in Cleveland is Frank G Jackson.
The generated text is : 250 Delaware Avenue in the United States has 12 floors with a total floor area of 30843.8 square metres.
The generated text is : 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, part of DuPage County, Illinois where Rahm Emanuel is a leader.
The generated text is : George Winkler from the United States was the architect of 320 South Boston Building. 320 South Boston Street has 22 floors.
The generated text is : Arcitect HOK SVE, completed the 3Arena on North Wall Quay in December 2008.
The generated text is : AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, whose tenant is Marriott International, has 23 floors and is located in Copenhagen Denmark.
The generated text is : Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, that was designed by the architects of the 3XN firm and has 23 floors.
The generated text is : Augustus Pugin, born in Bloomsbury, designed Adare Manor and Palace Of Westminster.
The generated text is : Adare Manor's architect was Philip Charles Hardwick and it was completed in 1862. JP McManus owns Adare Manor.
The generated text is : Adisham Hall, in the Tudor and Jacobean architectural style, completed in 1931 and located in Haputale.
The generated text is : Adisham Hall, Sri Lanka was finished in 1931 and is in the architectural style of "Tudor and Jacobean".
The generated text is : Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka, whose leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe.
The generated text is : Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital of Sri Lanka, which uses the Sri Lankan rupee as its currency and is the location of Adisham Hall.
The generated text is : Alan B. Miller Hall's building opened in 30th March 2007. The Mason School of Business in the United States are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall.
The generated text is : San Francisco born Julia Morgan was the architect of the Asilomar Conference Grounds and she also designed other significant buildings including the Riverside Art Museum.
The generated text is : Julia Morgan, who was born in California, was the architect of the Asilomar Conference Grounds and designed many significant buildings in Chinatown, San Francisco.
The generated text is : Asilomar Conference Grounds are located at Asilomar Blvd, Pacific Grove California and given the reference of 87000823 in the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987.
The generated text is : Asser Levy Public Baths were constructed in 1904 at Avenue A, Manhattan. They were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980.
The generated text is : The Asser Levy Public Baths in New York City were built in 1904 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on "1980-04-23".
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Architect John Madin, born in Birmingham (led by the Liberal Democrats), designed 103 Colmore Row.
The generated text is : Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, which is led by Hailemariam Desalegn.
The generated text is : Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedebad, Gujarat. The leader of Gujurat was Anandiben Patel.
The generated text is : Marriott International, where Bill Marriott is one of the key people, is located in Bethesda Maryland and is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen.
The generated text is : The Asian Americans are an ethnic group within the United States, which is the location of Albany, part of Dougherty County in Georgia.
The generated text is : The New Mexico Senate leads Albuquerque (new Mexico) which has a total area of 490.9 square kilometres and the population density of 1142.3 people per square kilometers.
The generated text is : Alpharetta is part of Fulton County, Georgia which is in the United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in the US.
The generated text is : Alpharetta is part of the state of Georgia in the United States. One of the ethnic groups found in this country is Asian Americans.
The generated text is : The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States which has the capital of Washington DC and is the location of Alpharetta in Georgia.
The generated text is : Anaheim, California has a total area of 131.6 square kilometres, area codes 657 and 714, and a UTC offset of -7.
The generated text is : The California State Senate, located in the California State Capitol, leads Anaheim, which is part of California.
The generated text is : Anderson is in Lafayette Township, Madison County, Indiana; which is in the United States.
The generated text is : The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States which is the location of Angola, Pleasant Township, part of Steuben County in Indiana.
The generated text is : Led by the United States House of Representatives, Antioch is part of Contra Costa County, part of the San Francisco Bay Area.
The generated text is : Arlington in the United States is part of Tarrant County in Texas where the county seat is Fort Worth.
The generated text is : The Asian Americans are an ethnic group found in the United States which has the capital city of Washington DC and is the location of Atlanta.
The generated text is : Atlanta, which has the area code of 404, has a population density of 1299 inhabitants per sq km and a total area of 347.1 sq km.
The generated text is : Atlantic City, New Jersey is in the United States where the largest city in that state is Newark.
The generated text is : New York City is the largest city in the United States. The country is also where Atlantic City (part of Atlantic County, New Jersey), is located.
The generated text is : Auburn is part of Lee County in Alabama in the United States.
The generated text is : The United States has the capital of Washington DC and is the location of Auburn in the state of Washington,.
The generated text is : Auburn is in Washington state in the United States. The state capital of Washington is Olympia.
The generated text is : Atlanta is the capital of Georgia (United States), the state where Albany, Dougherty County, is located.
The generated text is : Alexandria in the United States is part of Madison County, Indiana which has the largest city of Anderson.
The generated text is : The capital of the state of New Jersey in the U.S. is Trenton. Atlantic City is also part of that state.
The generated text is : Arlington is part of Texas where the largest city is Houston and the English language is spoken.
The generated text is : Attica, Fountain County, Indiana is in the United States: where Washington, D.C.. is the capital.
The generated text is : Attica is in Fountain County Indiana in the United States. Washington DC is the country's capital.
The generated text is : Akron, Ohio is located in the United States, where English is spoken, and where the capital is Washington DC.
The generated text is : The United States, which includes the ethnic group of Asian Americans, is the location of Akron, Summit County, Ohio.
The generated text is : Albany is part of Benton County in Oregon, in the U.S, of which The Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
The generated text is : Albuquerque, New Mexico is in the United States; where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans call home.
The generated text is : Albany, Georgia is in the United States; where English is spoken and African Americans call home.
The generated text is : The United States, where the Asian Americans are an ethnic group, uses the English language and is the location of Angola, Indiana.
The generated text is : Aarhus Airport is operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A/S and its 2776 meters long runway is called 10R/28L.
The generated text is : Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Lake Placid, New York and Saranac Lake, New York. The runway is 2003 feet long.
The generated text is : Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport is located at Paracuellos de Jarama which is part of the community of Madrid, Spain.
The generated text is : The Agra Airport (VIAG) in Uttar Pradesh is operated by the Indian Air Force.
The generated text is : The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in Iraq where the length of the runway is 3992.88.
The generated text is : In 1986 the USAF bombed Libya. It operates the Al Asad airbase and uses the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle fighter jet.
The generated text is : The operating organisation for Al Asad airbase is the United States Air Force. They were involved in battles at the invasion of Grenada and deploy the aircraft fighter plane known as the McDonnell Douglas F15 Eagle.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Located in Pakistan, Allama Iqbal International airport is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority, the headquarters of which is the Jinnah International Airport.
The generated text is : Allama Iqbal International Airport, whose runway name is 18L/36 is located in Punjab, Pakistan. Its length is 2900.
The generated text is : At 210 metres above sea level, Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan, in the United States.
The generated text is : Located in Texas, Andrews County Airport, is 973.0 above sea level and has a runway length of 1773 metres.
The generated text is : Located in Texas, Andrews County Airport is 973.0 above sea level and has a runway length of 896.
The generated text is : Austin is the capital of Texas, where they speak English, and Andrews County Airport is located.
The generated text is : Andrews County Airport is located in Texas in the United States where the inhabitants have the demonym tejano,.
The generated text is : Antwerp, served by Antwerp International airport, is a popular tourist destination in Belgium. German is spoken in Belgium.
The generated text is : Atlantic City International Airport is in Egg Harbor Township, Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States.
The generated text is : Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey located at Four World Trade Centre and serves the New Jersey region.
The generated text is : Atlantic City International Airport is in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States and has a runway length of 3048.0.
The generated text is : Lahore, Pakistan is served by Allama Iqbal International Airport, and is led by Anwar Zaheer Jamali.
The generated text is : Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid which is part of the community of Madrid led by Ahora Madrid.
The generated text is : Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is found in Madrid, Spain where the leading party is Ahora Madrid.
The generated text is : Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is found in San Sebastián de los Reyes (Spain) where the lead party is the People's Party.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is placed in the municipality of Gettysburg, Adams County, Pennsylvania, northwest of Carroll County Maryland.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is in Azerbaijan, where the leader is Artur Rasizade, and the legislature is dictated by the National Assembly.
The generated text is : Ahmet Davutoglu is a leader from Turkey whose capital is Ankara and where the Ataturk Monument can be found in Izmir.
The generated text is : Guanciale is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce which comes from the Lazio region in Italy.
The generated text is : Arem arem is a Javanese dish and the main ingredients of Arem-arem are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
The generated text is : Tomato, an ingredient of Arrabbiata sauce, is part of the flowering plant division and belongs to the family of solanaceae.
The generated text is : Arrabbiata sauce is made from olive oil and comes from Rome in Italy.
The generated text is : Arrabbiata sauce originates from the region of Rome, Italy, and tomato is one of its ingredients.
The generated text is : The main ingredient of asam pedas, which hails from Malaysia, Peninsula, is fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce.
The generated text is : The capitol city of Malaysia is Kuala Lumpur, the country is led by Arifin Zakaria and is home to the dish asam pedas.
The generated text is : Ayam Penyet is found in Indonesia and Malaysia, home of Malaysian Chinese.
The generated text is : Lettuce is an ingredient in a BLT which is a variation of a Club Sandwich. While the Bacon sandwich is a variation of BLT.
The generated text is : The Bacon Explosion is found in United States, led by Barack Obama and inhabited by White Americans.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : The BLT is a variation on the club sandwich or the bacon sandwich, all three are made with bread.
The generated text is : Sponge cake is an ingredient of Baked Alaska which is claimed to come from France and New York.
The generated text is : The currency of France is the Euro, it is also where Manuel Valls is a leader and baked Alaska is a popular dish.
The generated text is : Baked Alaska contains Christmas pudding and is from the New York region of the United States.
The generated text is : Sponge cake is an ingredient in the dessert Baked Alaska, Another type of desert is a cookie.
The generated text is : Bakewell pudding is a dessert that originates from the Derbyshire Dales and contains the ingredients ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs.
The generated text is : The main ingredients of Bakewell pudding are ground almond, jam, butter and eggs. It is a variant of Bakewell tart and comes from the Derbyshire Dales region.
The generated text is : Beef is an ingredient of Bakso which is a dish that comes from a region in Indonesia.
The generated text is : Avocado is one of the ingredients in the dish Bandeja paisa, which is a dish from Colombian cuisine. It originates from the Paisa region.
The generated text is : Bandeja paisa is a traditional dish from the Paisa region of Colombia and includes the ingredient hogao.
The generated text is : Barny Cakes come from France. Claude Bartolone and Manuel Valls are leaders in France.
The generated text is : Batchoy is a dish eaten in the Philippines. It is a noodle dish which includes pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
The generated text is : Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines and the main ingredients are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
The generated text is : A popular dish in Singapore and Indonesia is beef kway teow, Tony Tan is the leader of Singapore.
The generated text is : Beef kway teow is from Singapore and Indonesia and is made with sesame oil.
The generated text is : Beef kway teow is a dish commonly found in Singapore, the Singapore region and Indonesia. It contains oyster sauce among the ingredients.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Cookies and Binignit, which contains banana as a key ingredient, are types of desserts and should be served as that course.
The generated text is : Cookies and Binignit are types of dessert. A key ingredient of Binignit is Sago.
The generated text is : Taro is an ingredient in Binignit which should be served as the dessert course. A cookie is a dessert.
The generated text is : The main ingredient of binignit is sweet potato, which is of the order of Solanales. Banana is another ingredient of the dish.
The generated text is : Bionico is served as a dessert course. It is found in Mexico and requires granola as an ingredient.
The generated text is : Bionico, which contains raisins, is from the Guadalajara region of Mexico.
The generated text is : The name of the leader in Mexico is Silvano Aureoles Conejo whose currency is the Mexican peso. Bionico is a food found in that country.
The generated text is : Italy is the country Amatriciana sauce comes from. The capital of Italy is Rome and the leader is Pietro Grasso.
The generated text is : Batchoy is a dish from the Philippines, where Igorot people are part of one of the ethnic groups and where one of the languages spoken is Arabic.
The generated text is : Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapore where Tony Tan is the leader and the English language is spoken.
The generated text is : The tomato, used in an Amatriciana sauce, belongs to the family Solanaceae and is of the order Solanales.
The generated text is : AWH Engineering College has an academic staff of 250 and is located in the state of Kerala, India.
The generated text is : The Acharya Institute of Technology, Bangalore, has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The generated text is : Kochi is the leader of Kerala which is southeast of Mahe India, and the location of the AWH Engineering College.
The generated text is : Romania is the home of the ethnic group of Germans of Romania, and is the location of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University. The Romanian anthem is Desteapta-te romane.
The generated text is : The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania. The Romanian leader is called Klaus Iohannis and one of the country's ethnic groups are the Germans of Romania.
The generated text is : The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established 1928 and is affiliated with the European University Association (which has its headquarters in Brussels).
The generated text is : The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University, Denmark, was established in 1928.
The generated text is : The comic character Asterix, was created by Albert Uderzo and René Goscinny, who is French.
The generated text is : Bananaman, which was broadcast by the BBC and last aired on April 15th, 1986, starred Tim Brooke-Taylor.
The generated text is : The first appearance in a film for the character Baymax was Big Hero 6, distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures, the film starred Scott Adsit.
The generated text is : The film, Big Hero 6 stars Scott Adsit and includes the character Baymax. It was distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures.
The generated text is : Baymax is a character in the Big Hero 6 film starring Ryan Potter and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures.
The generated text is : The comics character Blockbuster, aka Mark Desmond,was created by Gardner Fox and Carmine Infantino.
The generated text is : Larry Bolatinsky is the alternative name for the comic character Bolt who was created by Gary Cohn and Dan Mishkin.
The generated text is : Bolt, a comic character is also known as Larry Bolatinsky was created by Ernie Colon and Gary Cohn.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : 200 Public square is in Cleveland, part of Cuyahoga County, Ohio in the United States and the governing body is the Cleveland City Council.
The generated text is : 250 Delaware Avenue in Buffalo, New York cost 110 million dollars and has 12 floors with a total area of 30843.8 square metres.
The generated text is : 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, which is a part of Cook County in Illinois, United States. Rahm Emanuel is a leader in Chicago.
The generated text is : 300 North LaSalle, a 120770.0 square metre 60 floor building in Illinois, was completed in 2009.
The generated text is : Dublin is part of Leinster and a city in the Republic of Ireland. Dublin is also home to the 3Arena which is currently owned by Live Nation Entertainment.
The generated text is : The AC Hotel Bella Sky is located in Copenhagen and has 23 floors. The hotel was designed by the architects of the 3XN firm and the current tenant is Marriott International.
The generated text is : Adare Manor is located in Adare County Limerick, Munster which is governed by Limerick City and County Council.
The generated text is : The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita, of the Akita Prefecture in Japan. Brazilians are one of the Japanese ethnic groups.
The generated text is : The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita (in Japan), part of the Akita Prefecture, where one of the ethnic groups is the Filipinos.
The generated text is : Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita Prefecture, in Akita, Akita, Japan, a country with the ethnic group of Vietnamese people.
The generated text is : The Brazilians are one of the ethnic groups of Japan where the Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture.
The generated text is : Alan B Miller Hall, 101 Ukrop Way, Williamsburg, Virginia was completed on 1st June 2009 and is owned by the College of William and Mary.
The generated text is : Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India where Narendra Modi is the prime minister and one of the leaders is Sumitra Mahajan.
The generated text is : The Asilomar Conference Grounds were constructed in 1913 in Pacific Grove, California, and were added to the National Register of Historic Places on February the 27nd 1987 with reference number 87000823.
The generated text is : Built in 1904 and located in Avenue A, Manhattan, Asser Levy Public Baths was added to the National Register of the Historic places on 1980/04/23 (reference number 80002709).
The generated text is : The Asser Levy Public baths are located in New York City which has sections known as Brooklyn and Manhattan. Cyrus Vance Jr is the leader of Manhattan.
The generated text is : Gale Brewer is the leader of Manhattan, New York City, United States where the Asser Levy Public baths are located.
The generated text is : Led by Andrew Mitchell, Birmingham has postcode area 'B' and is the birthplace of the 103 Colmore Row architect, John Madin.
The generated text is : 103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect, John Madin who was born in Birmingham. Birmingham Council is led by the Labour party and has a B postal code.
The generated text is : Anandiben Patel is a leader in Gujarat, India where Amdavad ni Gufa is located. Sumitra Mahajan is also an Indian leader.
The generated text is : The Prime Minister of India is Narendra Modi, and T S Thakur is another leader. The country is the location of Amdavad ni Gufa in Gujarat.
The generated text is : The Brazilians are one of the ethnic groups of Japan where the Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture.
The generated text is : London is the capital of the United Kingdom, which is governed by Parliament and has Elizabeth II as its leader. 20 Fenchurch Street is located in the UK.
The generated text is : 250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States where the leader is known as the President of the United States, they speak English and Joe Biden is also a leader.
The generated text is : The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Pennsylvania in the United States. Established in the year 2000, the Monument falls under the category of Contributing property.
The generated text is : Prime Minister of Azerbaijan is the official title of the leader of Azerbaijan and his name is Artur Rasizade. The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial can be found in Baku, the capital of Azerbaijan.
The generated text is : The Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial, also known as Turk Sehitleri Aniti, is dedicated to Ottoman soldiers killed in the battle of Baku. It is located in Baku, the capital of Azerbaijan.
The generated text is : The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established on July 11th, 1907and located in the Monocacy National Battlefield in the county Frederick, Maryland. The city nearest to Monocacy National Battlefield is Frederick, Maryland.
The generated text is : The Atatürk Monument in Izmir is made of bronze, is located in Turkey, which is led by Ahmet Davutoglu and has Ankara as its capital.
The generated text is : President of Turkey is the official title of the Turkish leader. The Atatürk Monument (İzmir) designed by Pietro Canonica is found in Turkey and inaugurated on the July 27th, 1932.
The generated text is : Albany, Georgia, is in the United States, where English is spoken, and, where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
The generated text is : Albuquerque, New Mexico covers a total of 490.0 sq kms which includes a land area of 486.2 sq km. It has the area codes 505 and 575 and a population density of 1142.3 inhabitants per sq km.
The generated text is : Alpharetta is part of Fulton County in Georgia (United States), where Atlanta is the county seat.
The generated text is : Amarillo is part of Potter County,Texas in the United States.African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
The generated text is : Amarillo is part of Potter County in Texas, United States. Austin is the capital of Texas.
The generated text is : California is led by the California State Assembly (location: state capital), is spanish speaking and location of Anaheim.
The generated text is : Anderson, Indiana is part of Adams Fall Creek, Lafayette, Richland, Union and elevated 268.0 meters above sea level.The town has an area of 107.43 square kilometres and its population density is 523.9 inhabitants/sq km.
The generated text is : Angola is part of Pleasant Township in Steuben County and covers a total area of 16.55 square kilometres. The city is in Indiana, United States.
The generated text is : The total area of Antioch, California is 75.324 square km., has an UTC offset of -7 and its population is 102372. The area code there is 925.
The generated text is : Atlantic City, New Jersey (area code 609), covers a total area of 44.125 square kilometres. The Mayor of the city is responsible of a population which averages about 1421 people for each of those square kilometres.
The generated text is : The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States, where you will find Auburn, which is part of Lee County in the state of Alabama.
The generated text is : Auburn in Lee County, Alabama is in the U.S.A. which is home to African Americans.
The generated text is : Auburn is part of both Pierce County and King County in Washington in the United States. The country's capital city is Washington DC.
The generated text is : The capital of U.S is Washington, D.C.. King County, Auburn is located in this state.
The generated text is : Austin is in Hays County, Texas whose county seat is San Marcos. The largest city in Texas is Houston.
The generated text is : Anaheim is part of California and led by the California State Assembly located at the California State Capitol. Chinese is a language spoken in California.
The generated text is : Alpharetta, Fulton County, Atlanta, Georgia are in the United States.
The generated text is : Lafayette Township, Madison County, Indiana is in the United States and the township is home to Anderson while Indianapolis is the state capital.
The generated text is : Texas, where English is spoken, is part of the U.S. and among its cities are Arlington and Houston which is the largest city in the state.
The generated text is : The city of Albany is part of Benton County, Oregon, in the United States. The capital of the country is, Washington D.C., and African Americans, are one of the country's ethnic groups.
The generated text is : Atlantic City, is a part of New Jersey, in the United States. The country's capital, is Washington D.C., and its largest city, is New York City.
The generated text is : Barack Obama is the president of the United States where one finds African Americans and the city of Albuquerque in New Mexico.
The generated text is : Albuquerque is in New Mexico, in the United States, where one of the ethnic groups is Asian Americans. The New Mexico Senate leads Albuquerque and John Sánchez is one of the leaders.
The generated text is : In the U.S., where the capital is Washington D.C., you'll find Albany in Benton County, Oregon and Asian Americans.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : English is spoken in the United States, where Native Americans are an ethnic group. The US is home to Albany, which is located in Georgia.
The generated text is : Angola, Indiana is in the United States, where English is the language spoken and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
The generated text is : Angola is in Pleasant Township which is part of Steuben County, in Indiana, in the United States. The country where English is spoken, and where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Rolando Maran was born in Italy and is in the Carrarese Calcio Club. He currently plays for F.C. Bari 1908 while managing A.C. Chievo Verona.
The generated text is : Italian born Michele Marcolini has been the manager of AC Lumezzane. He currently plays for Torino FC and AC Chievo Verona.
The generated text is : A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is in the league, EPSTH 2nd GROUP and have 1500 members. Their chairman is Antonis Milionis and their home ground is situated in Efxeinoupoli.
The generated text is : AFC Blackpool in Blackpool are managed by Stuart Parker, previously a player for Stockport County F.C. The leader of Blackpool is the Conservative Party (UK).
The generated text is : Gordon Marsden, leads Blackpool, which is where A.F.C. Blackpool is located. They have had, for a manager, Stuart Parker, whose club was Stockport County F.C.
The generated text is : A.F.C. Fylde (Association Football Club Fylde) played in 2014 and has 3180 members. Its ground is in Warton, Fylde, Lancashire.
The generated text is : AFC Fylde, which has the full name "Association Football Club Fylde" are based at Bryning Lane. The club has 3180 members and played in 2014.
The generated text is : Paulo Sousa is the manager of ACF Fiorentina and his club is Juventus. He plays for both plays for Maccabi Tel Aviv F.C. and the Inter Milan club.
The generated text is : AEK Athens FC has a ground in Greece and has 69618 memberrs. They played in the 2014 season and compete in the Superleague Greece.
The generated text is : AFC Ajax (amateurs)'s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst which is operated by AFC Ajax and owned by AFC Ajax N.V. The current tenant of the ground is Jong Ajax.
The generated text is : Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax Amateurs is abbreviated to AFC Ajax (amateurs) and has the nickname Joden, Godenzonen. They have 5000 members and they have played in the 2014 season.
The generated text is : John van den Brom has been manager of AZ Alkmaar and played for the Netherlands national football team. He is in Vitesse Arnhem and now plays for AFC Ajax.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca which is located in Alagoas. They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league which is from Brazil.
The generated text is : Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is the Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Arapiraca. They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league which is based in Brazil.
The generated text is : The ground of Akron Summit Assault is at St Vincent-St Mary High School in Akron, Ohio, Summit County, United States.
The generated text is : The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where Rome is the capital and two of the leaders are Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella.
The generated text is : Peter Stöger is at the FK Austria Wien club and is in the SK Vorwärts Steyr club, a player in FC Admira Wacker Mödling, and is the manager of FC Kolin.
The generated text is : Abilene, Texas is served by the Abilene Regional Airport whose runway name is 17L/35R. The airport is 546 meters above sea level and 2194 meters in length.
The generated text is : Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Lake Placid and the city of Saranac, New York, the airport is 507 metres above sea level with a runway length of 2003.0.
The generated text is : Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport can be found in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas and is operated by ENAIRE. The runway name is 18L/36R with a length of 3500.
The generated text is : Agra airport in India is operated by the Indian Air Force. It has the location identifier of VIAG and the IATA location identifier of AGR.
The generated text is : The United States Air Force is operating Al Asad Airbase in Iraq with runway 08/26 that is 3990.0 long.
The generated text is : The United States Air Force operates the Al-Asad airbase; located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq. The runway named 09R/27L is 3990 in length.
The generated text is : Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which was involved in the Invasion of Grenada. The United States Air Force has The Lockheed AC-130, an attack aircraft and the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle, an aircraft fighter.
The generated text is : Allama Iqbal International Airport in Pakistan serves the city of Lahore, has a runway length of 2900.0 and is operated by Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority.
The generated text is : Amsterdam AIrport, Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam and is -3.3528 from sea level. The runway name is 09/27 Buitenvelderbaan and is 2014.0 in length.
The generated text is : Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is -3.3528 above sea level, has a runway name 18L/36R'Aalsmeerbaan which is 2014.0 in length and serves the city of Amsterdam.
The generated text is : Andrews county airport, serving the city of Andrews in Texas has a runway length of 929.0 and is 973 metres above sea level.
The generated text is : Tejano is the demonym for people from the state of Texas in the United States. The state capital is Austin and it is served by Andrews County Airport.
The generated text is : Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, the capital of which is Austin. English is the language of Texas which is located in the United States.
The generated text is : Angola International Airport is located at Ícolo e Bengo, Luanda Province, Angola and serves the city of Luanda.
The generated text is : The Flemish government operate Antwerp International Airport which is owned by the Flemish region. The airport has an elevation of 12.0 metres above sea level and a runway length of 600.0.
The generated text is : The operating organization for Ashgabat International Airport is called Turkmenistan Airlines who have headquarters in Ashgabat, Turkmenistan. Their hub airport is Turkmenbashi International Airport.
The generated text is : Athens is served by Athens International airport located in Spata. The airport is 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800.0.
The generated text is : The Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township in the United States and serves Atlantic city, NJ where Don Guardian is leader.
The generated text is : Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, U.S. The South Jersey Transportation Authority is the owner of the airport and it is run by Stephen Dilts.
The generated text is : Charles Michel is the leader of Belgium where the German language is spoken. Antwerp is located in the country and served by Antwerp International airport.
The generated text is : Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium.The country's leader is Philippe of Belgium and French is one of the official language there.
The generated text is : Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake which is part of Harrietstown and Essex County, New York.
The generated text is : Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah, which is in Iraq, where Fuad Masum is the leader and the Kurdish languages are spoken.
The generated text is : Al-Taqaddum air base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq. The leader of the country is Haider al-Abadi and the Kurdish language is spoken.
The generated text is : Located in Pakistan, the city of Lahore is served by Allama Iqbal International Airport which is Punjab Pakistan, where the leader is Malik Muhammad Rafique Rajwana.
The generated text is : Poaceae is in the order of Commelinids, the class of Monocotyledon and belongs to the division of flowering plants. It forms the surface to the 1st runway at Alderney airport.
The generated text is : Rona Fairhead is a key person for the BBC which headquarters are called the Broadcasting House. Along others, both BBC radio and Bananaman are broadcasted.
The generated text is : Jill shilling was the star of the STV hit Bananaman, created by Steve Bright and first aired on the 3rd of October 1983.
The generated text is : American, Duncan Rouleau created Baymax, a character in the film Big Hero 6, which starred Ryan Potter.
The generated text is : The comic character Bolt, with the alternative name Larry Bolatinsky, was created by Gary Cohn and Ernie Colon, who is a Puerto Rican national.
The generated text is : Eric Flint (born Burbank, California) is the author of 1634: The Bavarian Crisis, which is the sequel to Grantville Gazette III. DeMarce short stories in the Grantville Gazettes preceded 1634: The Bavarian Crisis.
The generated text is : 1634: The Ram Rebellion is available as an E-Book and is 512 pages long. It was written by Eric Flint, Virginia DeMarce, et al. and has the ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0.
The generated text is : Wolters Kluwer, the parent company of Lippincott Williams & Wilkins that publishes AIDS (journal), is in the UK where Elizabeth II is the leader.
The generated text is : A Fortress of Grey Ice, written by J.V. Jones and produced in hardcover, has the ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6 and the OCLC number 51969173.
The generated text is : The hardcover book A Loyal Character Dancer was written by Qiu Xiaolong, has an OCLC number of 49805501 and an ISBN number of 1-56947-301-3.
The generated text is : Native Americans are an ethnic group within the United States where A Loyal Character Dancer was written in English, a language also spoken in Great Britain.
The generated text is : A Loyal Character Dancer was published in the United States by Soho Press. The language of the country is English and one of the ethnic groups is Asian American.
The generated text is : Diane Duane's 'A Wizard of Mars'(ISBN: 978-0-15-204770-2) was published in hardback and has 560 pages.
The generated text is : Acta Mathematica Hungarica (abbreviated as "Acta Math. Hungar.") covers the academic discipline of Mathematics. It has the ISSN number of "0236-5294" and LCCN number 83646315.
The generated text is : Paleobiology is an academic discipline of Acta Palaeontologica Polonica (Acta Palaeontol. Pol.) with a LCCN number of 60040714 and a ISSN number of 0567-7920.
The generated text is : Acta Palaeontologica Polonica is abbreviated to Acta Palaeontol. Pol and is published by the Polish Academy of Sciences. The publication has the ISSN number 1732-2421 and the LCCN number 60040714.
The generated text is : Administrative Science Quarterly was published by Cornell University, New York, affiliated with the Association of Public and Land Grant Universities and the Association of American Universities.
The generated text is : Affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities, Cornell University, publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly, is the located in the city of Ithaca found in the state of New York.
The generated text is : Garth Nix is the author of Aenir which has the ISBN number of 0-439-17684-0. It has 233 pages and is available in paperback.
The generated text is : African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States. It is also where the book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians comes from. This book was written in English which is the language of Great Britain.
The generated text is : American Journal of Mathematics is published in 1878 by the Johns Hopkins University Press whose parent company is Johns Hopkins University located in the United States.
The generated text is : English is spoken in Great Britain and the United States. The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians comes from the U.S. where one of the ethnic groups is Asian Americans.
The generated text is : A Wizard of Mars was published in the United States where the leader is Barack Obama. It is published in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain.
The generated text is : A Wizard of Mars is written in English and was published in the United States, where Barack Obama is the President and Asian Americans is one of the ethnic groups.
The generated text is : English is spoken in Great Britain and the United States. The leader of the United States is Barack Obama and is where A Wizard of Mars originates from.
The generated text is : English is spoken in the United States and this is the country where A Severed Wasp is from. The US includes many Asian Americans and is led by Barack Obama.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Born in Hong Kong, William Anders was a crew member of Apollo 8 with representative Chris Patten and Apollo 8 member Frank Borman.
The generated text is : Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He obtained an Sc.D in 1963 from Massachusetts Institute of Technology. He was a crew member of Apollo 11 and has retired.
The generated text is : Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He was a fighter pilot before being selected by NASA as a crew member of Apollo 11 in 1963.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : AWH Engineering College was established in 2001, and is located in the city of Kuttikkattoor, India, where the Ganges River is also located.
The generated text is : The campus of the Acharya Institute of Technology in India which is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum is located at In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.
The generated text is : The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the city of Bangalore in India. It is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University and its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar.
The generated text is : The All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai granted Technical Campus status to the Acharya Institute of Technology. Tennis, which is governed by the International Tennis Federation is a sport offered at the Institute.
The generated text is : 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Alba County, Romania. The capital of the country is Bucharest.
The generated text is : The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus is located in Denmark, a country in which a magistrate form of government is led by Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
The generated text is : Kochi is leader of Kerala state where the AWH Engineering College with an academic staff of 250 is located in the city of Kuttikkattoor.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Romania. The capital of the country is Bucharest and it's leader is Klaus Iohannis.
The generated text is : Amatriciana sauce is from the Lazio region of Italy. The main ingredients are Tomatoes, guanciale, cheese, and olive oil.
The generated text is : Arrabbiata sauce can be found in Italy, the capital of which is Rome. Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella are leaders of the country.
The generated text is : Arròs negre is a traditional dish from Catalonia, Spain. The main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers.
The generated text is : Arròs negre is a traditional dish from Catalonia, Spain. The main ingredients in arròs negre are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers.
The generated text is : Arros negre is a traditional dish from Spain, where the ethnic group is the Spaniards. Arros negre is from the region of Catalonia, whose leaders are the Parliament of Catalonia.
The generated text is : Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra and Malaysia. Malaysian Malay is an ethnic group in Malaysia and Batak of Sumatra.
The generated text is : Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia and Sumatra. Malays are the Minangkabau people are ethnic groups in Sumatra.
The generated text is : The United States, capital city Washington, D.C. , is led by Barack Obama. Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the U.S. The country is also the origin of Bacon Explosion.
The generated text is : Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where John Roberts is a leader.The country's capital city is Washington D.C. and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the USA.
The generated text is : Bacon sandwich is a dish from the UK that ketchup is often added to. A variant of this sandwich is a BLT, which itself is a variation of the club sandwich.
The generated text is : Bacon sandwich is a dish from the United Kingdom. It is also known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin. The main ingredients in a Bacon sandwich are bread and bacon and it can be served with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment.
The generated text is : Baked Alaska and cookie is a type of dessert and comes from the United States.African Americans are one of the country's ethnic group.
The generated text is : Baked Alaska comes from the US and is popular in Paris, New York and Hong Kong. The main ingredients are meringue, ice cream and sponge cake (or Christmas pudding).
The generated text is : Baked Alaska hails from Hong Kong but France, the US and China all claim to have invented the dish. The main ingredients are Meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding.
The generated text is : Baked Alaska comes from both Hong Kong and the United States. The main ingredients are Meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding.
The generated text is : A variant of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart. Bakewell pudding is from the Derbyshire Dales region which is part of Derbyshire. Fruit preserves are found in the Bakewell tart.
The generated text is : Bakso is an Indonesian dish which is also popular in neighbouring Southeast Asian countries. The main ingredients of the dish are ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables and fried shallots.
The generated text is : Bakso is a food found in Indonesia. The main ingredients of the dish are ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables and fried shallots.
The generated text is : Bandeja paisa is a traditional dish from the Paisa and Colombian regions. The main ingredients in bandeja paisa are red kidney beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon.
The generated text is : The main ingredients of Bandeja paisa are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon. The dish is from Colombian cuisine and originates in the Paisa region.
The generated text is : Barny Cakes come from is France where they speak French. The leader is either François Hollande and/or Gerard Larcher.
The generated text is : Batagor originates from the country of Indonesia, Shumai is a variation of the dish Siomay and contains Shiitake.
The generated text is : Batchoy is a food found in La Paz, Iloilo City, Philippines. The main ingredients of Batchoy are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp, beef.
The generated text is : Batchoy is a soup from the Philippines. The main ingredients of batchoy are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp, and beef.
The generated text is : Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapore and Indonesia. The main ingredients for Beef Kway Teow are: Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
The generated text is : Beef kway teow is found in Indonesia and Singapore. Halimah Yacob is a leader of Standard Chinese speaking Singapore.
The generated text is : Beef kway teow originates from Singapore and Indonesia. Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of the dish.
The generated text is : Bhajji comes from the Karnataka region of India.The dish contains vegetables and also known as Bhaji or bajji.
The generated text is : Bhajji, also known as Bhaji or bajji, are found in the region of Karnataka and its ingredients are gram flour and vegetables.
The generated text is : Sago and Sweet potato are ingredients in Binignit. Sweet potato belongs to the Solanales order of flowering plants.
The generated text is : The main ingredient of binignit is coconut milk and it also contains sago. The dish comes from the Visayas region of the Philippines.
The generated text is : Bionico, a dessert found in the Jalisco region of Mexico, has granola in it.
The generated text is : Bionico is a food originates from the Guadalajara region of Mexico.The main ingredients of the dish are chopped fruits,sour cream,condensed milk,granola,shredded coconut and raisins.
The generated text is : Bionico is a dessert found in Mexico, the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo and cookies are also a dessert.
The generated text is : Bakso is a food originates from Indonesia and contains tapioca.The country's leader is Jusuf Kalla.
The generated text is : Baduy is an ethnic group of Java, where the dish ayam penyet can be found. This dish is from the Singapore region, where Tony Tan is a leader.
The generated text is : Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines where the spoken language is Philippine Spanish. The Zamboangans and Ilocano people are both ethnic groups in the country.
The generated text is : Batchoy is a dish that is found in the Philippines, where the Igorot people and the Zamboangans are ethnic groups and where Arabic is one of the languages spoken.
The generated text is : Philippine English is the language spoken in the Philippines, where the dish binignit can be found. It should be served as the dessert course. Other type of dessert is a cookie.
The generated text is : Sandesh (confectionery) and Binignit are both dishes served as dessert. The latter dish originates from the Philippines where Philippine English is spoken.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Administrative Science Quarterly was published by Cornell University, located in Ithaca, New York, and affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities, as well as with the Association of American Universities. President of Cornell University is Elizabeth Garrett.
The generated text is : English is the language spoken in both Great Britain and the United States. However it is in the US that A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press. It is in this country that the ethnic group of African Americans can be found.
The generated text is : English is spoken in Great Britain but is also the language of the United States where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups. The book "A Loyal Character Dancer" was published in the US by Soho Press.
The generated text is : A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press, which is located in the U.S. where they speak English, same as in Great Britain and have many Asian Americans.
The generated text is : The language of both Great Britain and the United States is English. It is in the United States, where the capital is Washington DC and the ethnic group of Native Americans are found. The country is also the origin of the book "A Severed Wasp".
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : A severed Wasp, published in the United States, is written in the English language, which is also spoken in Great Britain. The president of the United States, where many Asian Americans live, is Barack Obama.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : 1634: The Ram Rebellion is an American novel and is preceded by 1634: The Galileo Affair. The capital of the US is Washington D.C. and the previous leader was Barack Obama, One ethnic group in the country is Asian American.
The generated text is : The United States is inhabited by Americans including the ethnic group of African Americans. The book 1634 The Ram Rebellion was written in the country which is led by President Barack Obama and has the capital city of Washington DC.
The generated text is : English is spoken in Great Britain and the United States where A Wizard of Mars was published. The leader of the United States is known as the President and there is an ethnic group called Asian Americans.
The generated text is : Albany is located in the US state of Georgia, U.S. With the leader called the President of the United States there are Asian Americans as well as Americans living there.
The generated text is : The Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where Fulton County is found. The County, which is in the state of Georgia is the location of Alpharetta and has Atlanta as its largest city.
The generated text is : Amarillo is part of Potter County in Texas in the United States whose capital is Washington DC and English is the language.
The generated text is : Amarillo, Potter County is located in English speaking Texas (United States), with its state capital as Austin.
The generated text is : English is spoken in US state of Texas, where the capital is Austin. Texas is home to Amarillo, which is part of Potter County.
The generated text is : Anderson is part of Fall Creek Township, Madison County, Indiana in he U.S. Anderson is 107.43 square kilometres large and has 523.9 residents for every square kilometre.
The generated text is : Antioch is in Contra Costa County which is part of the San Francisco Bay area, in California, a state where English is spoken. Antioch forms California's 11th State Assembly district.
The generated text is : Atlanta, (part of DeKalb County, Georgia),covers an area of 344.9 (square kilometres) and has 1299 people per sq km. It's total area is 347.1 sq km. The area code for Atlanta is 404.
The generated text is : Attica, located in Logan Township Indiana, is 166 ft above sea level. It has a population density of 783.1, and is 4.14 square km.
The generated text is : Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama,U.S. Washington, D.C. is the capital of the U.S. and African Americans are an ethnic group.
The generated text is : Auburn is part of both King County and Pierce County in Washington which is located in the United States. It has a population density of 914.8 inhabitants per sq km and covers a total area of 77.41 sq kms.
The generated text is : Austin is located in Texas which is where English is spoken. Austin is part of Williamson County, Texas and the largest city is Round Rock while Georgetown is the county seat.
The generated text is : Austin, part of Hays County, is located in Texas. San Marcos is the county seat for Hays County. The biggest city in that state is Houston and English is spoken there.
The generated text is : Austin is a part of Texas, where the largest city is Houston and Spanish is one of the languages spoken. Austin is in Hays County, whose county seat is San Marcos.
The generated text is : Alexandria is part of Madison County, Indiana,U.S. Indianapolis is the capital of Indiana where American English is spoken.
The generated text is : Arlington is part of Tarrant County in Texas, where Houston is the largest city and Spanish is spoken. The county seat of Tarrant County is Fort Worth.
The generated text is : Texas, located in the United States, has a capital city of Austin. It is also home to Arlington (located in Tarrant County) and Fort Worth, which is the largest city in Texas.
The generated text is : Atlantic City is part of New Jersey,U.S. and white Americans are an ethnic group. The capital of the United States is Washington DC, but the largest city is New York.
The generated text is : Albany, is part of Linn County, Oregon, in the U.S., where the capital is Washington D.C. The country's inhabitants are known as Americans, and one of the ethnic groups is Native Americans.
The generated text is : Albany, Oregon is in the United States, whose capital is Washington DC and whose inhabitants are Americans. Asian Americans are an ethnic group there.
The generated text is : Angola, is in Steuben County, in the United States Where English is spoken, the inhabitants are Americans, and one of the ethnic groups, is African Americans.
The generated text is : Auburn is part of Lee County, in Alabama, in the United States. This country, has Washington D.C. as the capital, and Native Americans as one of the ethnic groups.
The generated text is : The Native Americans are an ethnic group within the United States which is where Auburn, Alabama is found. It is part of Lee County which has the county seat off Opelika.
The generated text is : New Jersey is in the United States, where the Native Americans are an ethnic group. Atlantic City, is a part of New Jersey, whose largest city is Newark and capital is Trenton.
The generated text is : The leader of the United States, which uses the English language, is President Barack Obama . Albuquerque in New Mexico is located within the country .
The generated text is : Angola, Indiana, is part of Steuben County, United States where Americans live. The Asian Americans are an ethnic group of the United States and English is the language spoken.
The generated text is : Akron is in Summit County, Ohio, in the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. The country's leader is Barack Obama, and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
The generated text is : The leader of the United States, which includes the ethnic group of African Americans among its population of Americans, is the President. The country is the location of Albany in Georgia.
The generated text is : The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in Seminary Ridge, Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, USA. It was established in 2000 and is categorized as a Contributing Property.
The generated text is : The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument, classed as a contributing property, can be found in Adams County Pennsylvania. Adams County, south of Cumberland County has Carroll County, Maryland to the southeast and Frederick County, Maryland to the southwest.
The generated text is : Dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku and located in Baku is the Turkish Martyrs Memorial. Baku is the capital of Azerbaijan whose Prime Minister and leader is Artur Rasizade.
The generated text is : The Turkish Martyrs Memorial, dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku is located in that city, the Capital of Azerbaijan. The leader of the country, Artur Rasizade is head of the National Assembly.
The generated text is : President of Turkey is the official title of the Turkish leader and his name is Ahmet Davutoglu. Turkey's capital is Ankara and its largest city is Istanbul. The Atatürk Monument is located in Izmir, Turkey.
The generated text is : Kerala state which has Mahe, India to it's northwest is also the home of the AWH Engineering College. The College was established in 2001 in the city of Kuttikkattoor and currently has 250 members of staff.
The generated text is : The Acharya Institute of Technology is located at In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090. The School is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University and has 700 Postgraduate Students. Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar is director of the School.
The generated text is : B M Reddy is the President of the Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India. The Institute is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and has 700 postgraduate students.
The generated text is : The European University Association has its headquarters in Brussels. The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliate d with the European University Association and is located in Denmark. Denmark has a Monarchy with its leader being Lars Løkke Rasmussen.
The generated text is : AWH Engineering College established in 2001 in Kuttikkattoor, India has 250 academic staff. Mumbai is the largest city in India.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Lars Lokke Rasmussen is the leader of Denmark where the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in the city of Aarhus is located. The School was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff members.
The generated text is : Mols is situated to the northeast of Aarhus which has the magistrate type of government. The city of Aarhus is the location of the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University which is affiliated with the European University Association headquartered in Brussels.
The generated text is : Baymax is a character who appeared in Big Hero 6 starring Alan Tudyk. It was created by Steven T Seagle and the American, Duncan Rouleau.
The generated text is : The manager of A.C. Lumezzane is Michele Marcolini who has played for F.C. Bari 1908 and Vicenza Calcio. A.C. Lumezzane's ground is in Italy where the leader is Pietro Grasso.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : A.S. Gubbio 1910 is in the Serie D league in Italy. Champions of Serie D are the S.S. Robur Siena. Sergio Mattarella leads Italy and Italian is the language spoken there.
The generated text is : Gus Poyet is the manager of AEK Athens who play at their home ground of the Olympic Stadium (Athens) at Marousi. He previously played for Chelsea FC and is associated with Real Zaragoza FC.
The generated text is : The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, the capital of which is Rome, and the leader's name is Pietro Grasso. The people of Italy are Italian, as is the language spoken.
The generated text is : The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where the leader is Sergio Mattarella and Italian is the official language. Italians are the people who live in Italy, where the capital city is Rome.
The generated text is : Arem-arem is a food usually served in Indonesia which has the rupiah as its currency and the people speak Indonesian. Its leader is Jusuf Kalla and although arem-arem- is found nationwide, it's more specific to Java.
The generated text is : From the Sumatra and Malay Peninsula regions, Asam pedas, is a food found in Malaysia. The country where the capital is Kuala Lumpur and where the Malay and Malaysian Chinese are two of the ethnic groups.
The generated text is : Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia, where the capital is Kuala Lumpur and ethnic groups include Malay and Malaysian Indian. The dish is also found in the regions of Sumatra and the Malay Peninsula.
The generated text is : Asam Pedas, a dish from Sumatra, is found in Malaysia, where the capital if Kuala Lumpur and the Malaysian Malay is an ethnic group along with the Malaysian Indian.
The generated text is : Asam pedas is from the Malay Peninsula region of Malaysia, the country where Abu Zahar Ujang is leader and where Malaysian Malay and Malaysian Indian are ethnic groups.
The generated text is : The Bacon Explosion comes from Kansas City in the United States. It includes bacon obviously, but also sausage.
The generated text is : The Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where English is spoken and the capital is Washington D.C. A political leader there is Paul Ryan and White Americans are one ethnic group of the country.
The generated text is : The bacon sandwich, also known as: bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece n' bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, BLT and bacon muffin, is from the UNited Kingdom. It includes bread, bacon and ketchup or brown sauce.
The generated text is : France, led by Gérard Larcher and Manuel Valls, is the home of Baked Alaska. Outside of this French-speaking nation, Baked Alaska is also popular in Hong Kong.
The generated text is : Lemon is a member of the family Rutaceae and is of the order of Rosids. Lemon is an ingredient in the dish Bandeja Paisa, which hails from the Antioquia Department region of Colombia.
The generated text is : Barny cakes, made from sponge cake, come from France where French is the national language and François Hollande and Gérard Larcher are leaders.
The generated text is : Batagor is a variation of Siomay(which contains peanut sauce) and Shumai.It originates from Indonesia where the leader is president Joko Widodo.
The generated text is : Batagor, Shumai and Siomay are variations of the same dish. Batagor is found in the country of Indonesia, which leader is Joko Widodo.Shiitake is an ingredient of Shumai.
The generated text is : Batagor comes from Indonesia where Jusuf Kalla is the vice-president. Siomay and shumai are variations of the dish and all of them contain shiitake.
The generated text is : Bhajji (also called bahjo or bajji) comes from the Karnataka region of India. It contains gram flour and vegetables.
The generated text is : Bhajji, from the region of Karnataka, originates from india where people are referred to as indians, the leaders are T.S. Thakur and Vajubhai Vala.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Bionico is a dessert dish from the Guadalajara region of Mexico and it contains the main ingredients sour cream, chopped fruits, condensed milk, granola, raisins and shredded coconut.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Bionico is a dessert often including honey found in the Jalisco region of Mexico. The name of the leader in Mexico is Silvano Aureoles Conejo.
The generated text is : Arros negre is a Spanish dish from the region of Catalonia where Carles Puigdemont is a leader. Spaniards are an ethnic group in Spain and the leader is Felipe VI.
The generated text is : Amatriciana sauce can be found in italy, where the speak italian, the capital is Rome and their leaders are Matteo Renzi and Laura Boldrini.
The generated text is : Amatriciana is a popular sauce from Italy where the capital is Rome and the population are known as Italians. Leaders of the country include Sergio Mattarella and Laura Boldrini.
The generated text is : Italy is led by Pietro Grasso and the language spoken in the country is Italian. Matteo Renzi is a leader from Italy which has Rome as its capital and where you can find amatriciana sauce.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : In Singapore, one of the spoken languages is English, a leader is Tony Tan and ayam penyet is a dish from here. This dish is also found in Java where an ethnic group is the Javanese people.
The generated text is : Batchoy comes from the Philippines, whose ethnic groups include the Zamboangans and the Chinese Filipino, and where Arabic and Philippine Spanish are among the languages spoken.
The generated text is : The dish ajoblanco originates from Spain and more specifically Andalusia where Susana Diaz is the leader. In Spain, the language spoken is Spanish and an ethnic group are the Spaniards.
The generated text is : Some famous Spaniards from Spain include Felipe VI (leader of Spain) and Susana Diaz who is the leader of Andalusia where ajoblanco comes from.
The generated text is : Alan Bean is a retired American, who was born in Wheeler, Texas. He served as a test pilot and was selected by NASA in 1963.
The generated text is : Alan Shepard was on the crew of Apollo 14, which was operated by NASA. He was born in New Hampshire, and was warded the United States Navy Distinguished Service Medal, which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
The generated text is : William Anders who was originally from British Hong Kong joined NASA and became a member of Apollo 8 along with Frank Borman who was the commander.
The generated text is : Buzz Aldrin was born on 20 January 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. A US national, he was a fighter pilot before becoming a crew member of Apollo 11.
The generated text is : Buzz Aldrin was a United States national. born Glen Ridge New Jersey, who served as a Fighter pilot before being a crew member on Apollo 11, program organized by NASA.
The generated text is : Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, NJ and graduated from MIT, Sc.D. 1963. He was a fighter pilot and a crew member on Apollo 11. He is now retired.
The generated text is : Buzz Aldrin, born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, was a crew member on the NASA operated Apollo 11 mission (for which William Anders was the backup pilot). Buzz is now retired.
The generated text is : Buzz Aldrin was born on the 20th October 1930. He was a crew member of Apollo 11, but is now retired. William Anders was a backup pilot on the Apollo 11 mission, which was operated by NASA.
The generated text is : Alan Shepard, crew member of the NASA Apollo 14 mission, died in California, the state that is famous for a gemstone called Benitoite. Dianne Feinstein is a senator in California.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : William Anders, a US national born in British Hong Kong, retired in 1969-09-01. He was a fighter pilot and later served as a crew member of Apollo 8.
The generated text is : Margrethe II is the leader of Denmark where the Faroese language is spoken. The country is the location of Aarhus airport in Tirstrup, part of the Central Denmark region.
The generated text is : Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastian de los Reyes and Alcobendas at an elevation of 610.0 metres above sea level. It is operated by ENAIRE and has a runway name of 14L/36R with a length of 4100.0.
The generated text is : Agra airport has the ICAO location identifier of VIAG and it has a runway length of 1818. It is located in India at 167.94 metres above sea level and is operated by the Indian air force.
The generated text is : The United States Air Force operates an Airbase in Iraq called Al Asad Airbase. Its ICAO location ID is ORAA. Its runway "08/26" is 3990.0 in length.
The generated text is : The United States Airport operates the Al Asad airbase which is located in the Al Anbar Province, Iraq. The ICAO location identifer of Al Asad Airbase is ORAA and the length is 3992.88m and the runway is known as 08/26.
The generated text is : Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which was involved in the 1986 United States bombing of Libya. Some of the Air Force's aircraft are the Lockheed AC-130 (an attack aircraft), Boeing C-17 Globemaster III (transport aircraft) and the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon (aircraft fighter).
The generated text is : The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase and was involved in battles at the Invasion of Grenada and Operation Enduring Freedom. The Lockheed AC-130 attack aircraft and the Lockheed C-130 Hercules transporter are planes of the USAF.
The generated text is : The Alderney Airport serves Alderney and its runway name is 08/26. The 1st runway was made of Poaceae and it is 733 m long. The airport is 88 meters above sea level.
The generated text is : Allama Iqbal International Airport in Pakistan is governed by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority and serves the city of Lahore. The airport runway is named 18L/36R and has a length of 3310.
The generated text is : Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan and governed by The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority & the name of its runway is "18R/36L" and its lentgh is 2900. the airport serves the whole city of Lahore.
The generated text is : Alpena County Regional Airport, which serves Alpena, is found in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan in the U.S.A. The airport is 210 metres above sea level and a runway that is 1,533 in length.
The generated text is : The city of Alpena in Michigan is served by Alpena County Regional Airport which is located 210 metres above sea level in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan. The runway name is 7/25 and it has a length of 1533.0.
The generated text is : The location of Alpena County Regional Airport is Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan and it serves Alpena, Michigan. The airport, which lies 210 metres above sea level, has a runway named 1/19/ which is 2744 metres long.
The generated text is : Aplena County Regional Airport, serving Alpena, Michigan is found in Wilson Township, Aplena County, Michigan in the USA. This airport is elevated 210 meters above sea level and it has a runway measuring 1533.0 in length.
The generated text is : Angola International airport is located in Icolo e Bengo and serves the city of Luanda.It is situated 159 meters above sea level and has a 3,800 kilometers long runway named 05L/23R.
The generated text is : The Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens in Greece, Greek is spoken in Greece and the leaders names in Greece are Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis.
The generated text is : Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens, Greece where the spoken language is Greek. Two leaders of Greece are Alexis Tsipras and Prokopis Pavlopoulos.
The generated text is : Atlantic City in New Jersey is led by Don Guardian and is served by Atlantic City International airport at Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States.
The generated text is : Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp. It is in the country of Belgium, where the capital city is Brussels. The leaders of Belgium are Charles Michel ad Philippe of Belgium.
The generated text is : Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey in the United States.The Airport's ICAO location identifier is KACY.
The generated text is : Adirondack Regional Airport serves Lake Placid and Saranac Lake,New York. Saranac Lake is part of Harrietstown,New York and is located in the United States.
The generated text is : Saranac Lake is part of Harrietstown and part of Essex County, in New York, United States. Adirondack Regional Airport serves both the city of Saranac Lake and the city of Lake Placid, New York.
The generated text is : Uttar Pradesh is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand. It is the location of Agra Airport which is operated by the Indian Air Force who deploy the aircraft capable helicopter known as the HAL Light Combat Helicopter.
The generated text is : Agra Airport is in Uttar Pradesh(part of Bundelkhand) and operated by the Indian Air Force. The HAL Light Combat Helicopter is a Helicopter used by the Indian Air Force. Ram Naik is a leader of Uttar Pradesh.
The generated text is : The leaders of Iraq are Halder al-Abadi and Fuad Masum, who speak Arabic. In the city of Fallujah, Iraq, there is the Al-Taqaddum Air Base.
The generated text is : 200 Public Square completed in 1985 is in Cleveland (part of Cuyahoga County) in Ohio, U.S.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago (leader: Rahm Emanuel), which is part of Illinois, United States. The capital of Illinois is Springfield.
The generated text is : Margrethe II of Denmark leads the country where the Faroese language is spoken. The Marriott International, founded in Washington DC, are the current tenants of the AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen.
The generated text is : Bill Marriott is the key person of Marriott International which was founded in Washington DC and is the tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen, Denmark. One of the languages spoken in the country is Greenlandic.
The generated text is : Marriott International, founded in Washington DC, is a tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky located in Copenhagen, Denmark (which is led by Lars Lokke Rasmussen and has Greenlandic as a spoken language).
The generated text is : Adare Manor is located in the Republic of Ireland, whose leader is Enda Kenny. Its architect was Augustus Pugin, who was born in Bloomsbury. Another significant building designed by Pugin is the Palace of Westminster.
The generated text is : The " Government of Addis Ababa" are the current tenants of Addis Ababa City Hall. The building started in 1961 and was completed in 1964. It has a floor area of 140000.0 square metres and is 42 m high.
The generated text is : The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita, which is part of Akita Prefecture, Japan. The museum has 3 floors and its address is 1-4-2 Nakadori.
The generated text is : Tarō Asō is one of the leaders in Japan, A country where there is an ethnic group of Chinese people. Also where the Akita Museum of Art is located, in Akita which is part of Akita Prefecture.
The generated text is : The College of William and Mary is the owner of the Alan B. Miller Hall. which was designed by Robert A.M. Stern. Situated in Virginia, it has as its tenants United States based Mason School of Business.
The generated text is : Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. Sumitra Mahajan is an Indian leader and Gujarat is led by the Legislative Assembly.
The generated text is : Ampara Hospital is in the Ampara district of Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. The leader of Eastern Province is Austin Fernando and the leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe.
The generated text is : Ampara Hospital is in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. The Eastern Provincial Council is the governing body of Eastern Province. The capital of Sri Lanka is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and the leader of the country is Ranil Wickremesinghe.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : The architect Julia Morgan was born in San Francisco and designed several significant buildings. These included the grounds of Asilomar Conference, the Riverside Art Museum, Hearst Castle and Asilomar State Beach.
The generated text is : The Asser Levy Public Baths are in New York City (part of Manhattan) in the U.S. New York City is part of New Netherland and a leader there is Cyrus Vance Jr.
The generated text is : 103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin, who was born in Birmingham, with the postcode area 'B'. Labour politician, John Clancy is the city's leader, and the local governing body is Birmingham City Council.
The generated text is : The title of the leader of the United States is the President of the United States, and the leader was Barack Obama. John Roberts is a leader in the US. The capital of the US is Washington DC, and 250 Delaware Avenue is located in the US.
The generated text is : In 2000 the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument which is categorised as a contributing property, was established. It is located at Seminary Ridge, Adams County, Pennsylvania, in the US.
The generated text is : Adams County, Pennsylvania is located to the south of Cumberland County, Pennsylvania, to the east of Franklin County, Pennsylvania, to the northeast of Frederick County, Maryland, and to the northwest of Carroll County, Maryland. The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument, which is classified as a Contributing property, is located in Adams County.
The generated text is : Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial (designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner) is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku and is made of red granite and white marble. The memorial is located in Baku, the capital of Azerbaijan. Artur Rasizade was an Azerbaijan leader.
The generated text is : The Turkish leader is Artur Rasizade. Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner designed the red granite and white marble Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial, also known as Turk Sehitleri Aniti, in Azerbaijan. The memorial is dedicated to the soldiers who fell in the Battle of Baku.
The generated text is : The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located on the Monocacy National Battlefield, Frederick, Maryland. The monument was established in 1907-07-11 and is categorised as a historic district in the United States.
The generated text is : Alan Bean (born 15th of March 1932 in Wheeler, Texas) served as a test pilot. He was in space for 70 days and is now retired.
The generated text is : Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He was a crew member of the Apollo 14, which was operated by NASA. The United States Navy awarded the Distinguished Service Medal to Alan Shepard, which ranks higher than Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
The generated text is : Alan Bean, born Alan LaVern Bean was a crew member aboard NASA's Apollo 12. He retired in 1981. David Scott commanded Apollo 12 and Alfred Worden was the backup pilot.
The generated text is : US national Buzz Aldrin, a fighter pilot born in Glen Ridge, NJ, graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963 and went on to become a crew member on Apollo 11 after being recruited by NASA in 1963.
The generated text is : Buzz Aldrin was born January 20, 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from M.I.T. with a Sc.D in 1963, and served as a crew member aboard NASA's Apollo 11, William Anders was a backup pilot on the same mission.
The generated text is : Buzz Aldrin was originally from Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He worked as a fighter pilot for NASA and became a member of the Apollo 11 mission along with William Anders as backup pilot.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Alan Shepard died in California where Dianne Feinstein is a Senator and one can find the gemstone Benitoite and fossils of the Smilodon. He once received the Distinguished Service Medal from the U.S. Navy which ranks higher than Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
The generated text is : American William Anders was born in in British Hong Kong, was a test pilot, graduated from AFIT, M.S. in 1962, was a member of Apollo 8's crew and retired on 1st September 1969.
The generated text is : William Anders who is originally from Hong Kong worked for NASA and became a crew member for Apollo 8 along with Buzz Aldrin and Frank Borman. He retired on September 1st 1969.
The generated text is : William Anders who graduated from AFIT in 1962 worked for NASA and became a crew member of the Apollo 8 crew along with Frank Borman and Buzz Aldrin as backup pilot. Mr Anders is now retired.
The generated text is : The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio, Ticino Switzerland was established in 1996 and currently has 100 staff. The dean of the academy is Mario Botta.
The generated text is : The Acharya Institute of Technology in the city of Bangalore, Kerala, India has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University and has B M Reddy as President . The campus is located at In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.
The generated text is : Established in 2000, the Acharya Institute of Technology is in Bangalore, India. The institute's president is B.M. Reddy and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. The campus is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University (dean Thomas Pallesen) is located in the city of Aarhus, Denmark and is affiliated with the European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussels. Denmark's leader is Lars Løkke Rasmussen.
The generated text is : The River Ganges flows through India where the largest city is Mumbai. The AWH Engineering College was established in 2001 in the state of Kerala which is led by Kochi.
The generated text is : 1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Romania which is led by Klaus Iohannis and has Bucharest as its capital. Roman's anthem is Deșteaptă-te, române, its patron saint is Andrew the Apostle and its ethnic group are the Germans of Romania.
The generated text is : Denmark, which is led by Lars Lokke Rasmussen is the location of the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in the city of Aarhus. The School was established in 1928 and has 16000 students and an academic staff of 737.
The generated text is : The Atatürk Monument is a bronze monument inaugurated on 27th July, 1932, in Izmir. It is found in Turkey, a country which has Ankara as its capital and Istanbul as its largest city. The leader of Turkey is called Ahmet Davutoğlu, and the currency is the Turkish lira.
The generated text is : President Ahmet Davutoglu is the Turkish leader where the capital city is Ankara. The bronze Ataturk Monument which was designed by Pietro Canonica is located in Izmir and was inaugurated on 27 July 1932.
The generated text is : President Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey which has the currency of the Turkish lira. The capital city is Ankara although the largest city is Istanbul. The Ataturk monument was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 and is located in Izmir.
The generated text is : The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio, Switzerland. It was established in 1996 and its dean is Mario Botta. It has 100 academic staff and 600 students. Switzerland's leader is the Federal Chancellor.
The generated text is : The Acharya Institute of Technology whose motto is "Nurturing Excellence" was established in 2000 in Bangalore, Karnataka in India. It's president is B.M. Reddy and director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar.
The generated text is : The Acharya Institute of Technology is in Karnataka, which is southwest of Telangana and east of the Arabian Sea. The institute offers Tennis courses and is governed by the International Tennis Federation and was given the 'Technical Campus' status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai.
The generated text is : The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is in the city Alba Iulia in Romania. Klaus Iohannis the leader of Romania and they also have a Prime Minister. The Germans of Romania are the main ethnic group in Romania and the capital is Bucharest. The Romania anthem is Deșteaptă-te, române!
The generated text is : Established in 1928, the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarus, Denmark has a staff of 737 and is affiliated with the European University Association. The dean is Thomas Pallesen. Denmark's leader is Lars Løkke Rasmussen.
The generated text is : The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association in Brussels. Denmark has a monarchy and a magistrate government. Its leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Alan Bean is an American born on March 15, 1932 in Wheeler, Texas. He graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a BSc. Bean was a test pilot and a member of Apollo 12. He is retired.
The generated text is : Alan Shepard,born on November 18, 1923,graduated from NWC in 1957 with an M.A. Alan Shepard served as a test pilot, and was selected by NASA in 1959.Alan Shepard, born in New Hampshire, died in California,.
The generated text is : Alan Bean is a US national, who was born in Wheeler, Texas. He was a test pilot and part of the crew of the NASA operated Apollo 12. Apollo 12 was commanded by David Scott, and had Alfred Worden as a backup pilot.
The generated text is : Edwin E. Aldrin, Jr. was better known as Buzz Aldrin, a fighter pilot and member of Apollo 11 after NASA picked him for the space program in 1963. Aldrin was born on January 20th, 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and a graduate of MIT's Sc. D. program in 1963.
The generated text is : Buzz Aldrin was an American, who was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on the 20th January, 1930. He graduated from MIT with an Sc.D in 1963. He was a fighter pilot and member of the Apollo 11 crew. He walked in space for 52 minutes.
The generated text is : Buzz Aldrin is a US national born on 1930 01 20 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated in 1963 from MIT with a Sc.D, was a member of the Apollo 11 crew and has won 20 awards. Buzz Aldrin is now retired.
The generated text is : Buzz Aldrin, a US national, has retired. He was born on 20 January 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He was selected by NASA in 1963 to serve as crew member on the Apollo 11 program.
The generated text is : Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from MIT in 1963 with a Sc.D. He is an American who was a crew member on NASA operated Apollo 11. He is now retired. Apollo 11's back up pilot was William Anders.
The generated text is : William Anders is an American who was born in British Hong Kong on October 17th 1933. He was a fighter pilot and crewed Apollo 8. He retired on the 1st September 1969.
The generated text is : William Anders was born in British Hong Kong but is an American. He was a member of Apollo 8 which is operated by NASA. His backup pilot was Buzz Aldrin. Anders retired in 1960-09-01.
The generated text is : William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on October 17th, 1933. He served as a fighter pilot. He joined NASA in 1963 and was a crew member on Apollo 8. He retired on the 1st September 1969, having spent 8820 minutes in space.
The generated text is : Aaron S. Daggett was awarded the Purple Heart.
The generated text is : Aaron S. Daggett fought in the Battle of Mine Run.
The generated text is : Ab Klink was born in Stellendam, Netherlands.
The generated text is : Abdul Rahman Ya'kub was in office whilst Tuanku Bujang Tuanku Othman was Vice President.
The generated text is : Abdul Taib Mahmud is a member of the Parti Bumiputera Sarawak Party.
The generated text is : Abdul Taib Mahmud was succeded by Sulaiman Abdul Rahman Taib.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Minna was the birthplace of Abdulsalami Abubakar.
The generated text is : Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Abner W. Sibal died in Alexandria, Virginia.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Adam Holloway resided in Gravesend.
The generated text is : Adenan Satem's alma mater is the University of Adelaide.
The generated text is : Adolf Schärf was born in Mikulov.
The generated text is : Adonis Georgiadis was in office under Antonis Samaras, Prime Minister.
The generated text is : Adonis Georgiadis was the Deputy Minister for Development, Competitiveness and Shipping.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Agnes Ward White was born in Marietta, Ohio.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge, London.
The generated text is : Airey Neave was a Lieutenant Colonel.
The generated text is : Airey Neave started serving in military in 1935.
The generated text is : Albert B. White is a member of the Republican Party in the United States.
The generated text is : Albert B. White is married to Agnes Ward White.
The generated text is : Albert Jennings Fountain was a member of the Union Army.
The generated text is : Alberto Teisaire is Argentinian.
The generated text is : Alberto Teisaire was Rear Admiral in the Argentine Navy.
The generated text is : Alfons Gorbach died in Austria.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Alfred Moore Scales fought in the Battle of Chancellorsville.
The generated text is : Alfred N. Phillips place of birth was Darien Connecticut.
The generated text is : Alfred N. Phillips was the Mayor of Stamford Connecticut.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Allan Shivers was succeeded by Price Daniel.
The generated text is : Alvah Sabin started active service on 1853-03-04.
The generated text is : Alvah Sabin belongs to the Whig Party (United States).
The generated text is : Robert E. Lee was a commander in the American Civil War.
The generated text is : The language in Austria is Austrian German.
The generated text is : Robert E. Lee was a commander in the Battle of Antietam.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : The leader of Buenos Aires is called Gabriela Michetti.
The generated text is : Colin Powell was the commander in the Gulf War.
The generated text is : Dwight D. Eisenhower preceded John F. Kennedy as President.
The generated text is : Josef Klaus alma mater is the University of Vienna.
The generated text is : The predecessor of Juan Carlos I f Spain was Francisco Franco.
The generated text is : Juan Peron belongs to the Labour Party in Argentina.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Bloomington, Maryland was the birthplace of William M O Dawson.
The generated text is : The 1955 Dodge is also named the Dodge Coronet.
The generated text is : The size of the engine in the 1955 Dodge is 230 cubic inches.
The generated text is : The A-Rosa Luna was "christened" on the 7th April 2005.
The generated text is : AIDA Cruises are located at Rostock.
The generated text is : The AIDAluna is operated by AIDA Cruises.
The generated text is : The AIDAstella was christened in March 16 2013.
The generated text is : The AIDAstella was completed on the 11th March 2013.
The generated text is : The ship AIDAstella had her maiden voyage on March 17th 2013.
The generated text is : The operator of AIDAstella is AIDA Cruises.
The generated text is : The launch site of the ALV X-1 was the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport.
The generated text is : AMC Matador is also known as American Motors Matador.
The generated text is : The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) was sold to the Netherlands on 01/04/1948.
The generated text is : The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe has the straight four engine.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : The Acura TLX has a 9-speed ZF 9HP automatic (V6) transmission.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : The related transport to the Alfa Romeo 164 is the Lancia Thema.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : The Samuda Brothers built the Alhambra.
The generated text is : The Alhambra has a ship beam of 8.3m.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : The Alhambra has a top speed of 18.52.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : The Alvis Speed 25 was first manufactured in 1937.
The generated text is : The American submarine NR-1 has a ship draft of 4.6 metres.
The generated text is : The final flight of the Antares rocket was on 2014-10-28.
The generated text is : The launch site of the Antares rocket was the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : The Ariane 5 was launched from the Guiana Space Centre.
The generated text is : Ariane 5 had its maiden flight on August 11th 2005.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : The Aston Martin made the Aston Martin V8.
The generated text is : Aston Martin are the manufacturers of the Aston Martin Virage.
The generated text is : The final flight of Atlas II was on 1998-03-16.
The generated text is : The Atlas II was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base.
The generated text is : August Horch founded Audi.
The generated text is : The Audi A1 is assembled at Audi Brussels.
The generated text is : The Audi A1 and the Seat Ibiza are similar means of transport.
The generated text is : Caterpillar Inc. is in Peoria, Illinois.
The generated text is : Costa Crociere is in Genoa.
The generated text is : DeSoto Custom is a related means of transport to Chrysler Newport.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Germans is the demonym for people who live in Germany.
The generated text is : The leader of Germany is Norbert Lammert.
The generated text is : Stanislaw Tillich is a leader of Germany.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : The Guiana Space Centre's headquarters are located in Kourou, French Guiana.
The generated text is : Honda are the makers of the Honda K engine.
The generated text is : The anthem of the United States is the Star Spangled Banner.
The generated text is : The United States has an ethnic group called Native Americans.
The generated text is : Silvio Berlusconi is the chiarman of A.C. Milan.
The generated text is : Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada.
The generated text is : Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen.
The generated text is : Abel Hernandez played for the Uruguay Olympic football team.
The generated text is : Abel Hernandez plays for the Uruguay national football team.
The generated text is : Abner (a footballer) was born in Brazil.
The generated text is : Diemen is the birth place of Adam Maher.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Adam Maher plays for the Netherlands National club for players under 17.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Ahmad Kadhim Assad represented the Iraq national football team.
The generated text is : Akeem Adams' birthplace is Point Fortin.
The generated text is : Akeem Dent used to play for the Atlanta Falcons.
The generated text is : Akeem Priestley plays for the Connecticut Huskies.
The generated text is : Al-Khor Sports Club play in the Qatar Stars League.
The generated text is : Basim Qasim manages Al-Zawra'a SC.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Baghdad is the birth place of Alaa Abdul-Zahra.
The generated text is : Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for Sanat Mes Kerman FC.
The generated text is : Alan Martin is a footballer for the Hamilton Academical FC.
The generated text is : Alan Martin played football for the Scotland national under 19 team.
The generated text is : Aleksander Barkov Jr. was born on the 2nd September 1995.
The generated text is : Aleksander Barkov, Jr's club is the Florida Panthers.
The generated text is : Aleksander Barkov, Jr's height is 1.905 metres.
The generated text is : Aleksander Barkov Jr. plays in the National Hockey League.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 24th February 1989.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for the FC Amkar Perm football club.
The generated text is : Aleksandre Guruli's birth place is Batumi.
The generated text is : Aleksandre Guruli's club is FC Samtredia.
The generated text is : Aleksandre Guruli once played for the Georgia national under-21 football team.
The generated text is : Alessio Romagnoli is a member of A.S. Roma.
The generated text is : Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.S. Roma's youth team.
The generated text is : Alex Plante's birthplace is Manitoba.
The generated text is : Alex Tyus plays in the Turkish Basketball Super League.
The generated text is : Atlanta Falcons play in the city of Atlanta.
The generated text is : Don Sweeney is general manager of the Boston Bruins.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : English language is spoken in Canada.
The generated text is : Canada's language is the Slavey language.
The generated text is : The Columbus Blue Jackets are based in the city of Columbus, Ohio.
The generated text is : The manager of FC Karpaty Lviv is Oleh Luzhny.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Gabor Kubatov is the chairman of Ferencvarosi TC.
The generated text is : The Finnish language is spoken in Finland.
The generated text is : Daniele Zoratto is coach of the Italy national under 16 football team.
The generated text is : The coach of Maccabi Ashdod B.C. is Zvi Sherf.
The generated text is : Motherwell F.C. play their home games at Fir Park.
The generated text is : Jean-Michel Aulas is the owner of the Olympique Lyonnais.
The generated text is : American Football team, St. Louis Rams, are based in the city of St. Louis.
The generated text is : The Tennessee Titans are based in the city of Nashville, Tennessee.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Aaron Deer plays with The Horns of Happiness.
The generated text is : Aaron Deer is signed to the record label Kill Rock Stars.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner performs avant-garde metal music.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner performs progressive metal music.
The generated text is : Abradab's background is that of solo singer.
The generated text is : The birth date of Abradab is 12th November 1978.
The generated text is : Abradab was born in Poland.
The generated text is : Abradab performs hip hop music.
The generated text is : The genre Guarania, is the musical genre that Agustin Barboza is involved in.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Alan Frews' musical genre is rock music.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : A solo singer is part of Aleksandra Kovač's background,.
The generated text is : The birth place of Aleksandra Kovac is Yugoslavia.
The generated text is : Aleksandra Kovac's genre is rhythm and blues.
The generated text is : Aleksandra Kovač performs soul music.
The generated text is : Alex Day performs Synthpop music.
The generated text is : Alfredo Zitarrosa is associated with Hector Numa Moraes.
The generated text is : The birth place of Alfredo Zitarrosa is Montevideo.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Alfredo Zitarrosa's record label is RCA Records.
The generated text is : 1963 was the beginning of Alison O'Donnell's active years.
The generated text is : Alison O'Donnell performs jazz music.
The generated text is : Alison O'Donnell is a musician who uses her voice,bodhran,percussion and autoharp.
The generated text is : Allen Forrest's birth date is 04th February 1981.
The generated text is : Allen Forrest was a pop artist.
The generated text is : Alligator records is based in Chicago.
The generated text is : Anders Osborne and Johnny Sansone are associates.
The generated text is : Rhythm and blues is the musical genre of Anders Osborne.
The generated text is : Anders Osborne is signed to the record label Alligator Records.
The generated text is : Andra performs rhythm and blues music.
The generated text is : Andrew Rayel started his career in 2009.
The generated text is : The musicians Andrew Rayel and Christian Burns are associates.
The generated text is : Andrew Rayel was born in Chisinau, Moldova.
The generated text is : Andrew White is associated with the musical artist Marry Banilow.
The generated text is : The musician Andrew White is signed to the record label B-Unique Records.
The generated text is : Asunción is part of Gran Asunción.
The generated text is : Christian Burns plays guitar.
The generated text is : Gangsta rap is a sub genre of Hip Hop music.
The generated text is : Hip Hop music has its origins in Funk.
The generated text is : Indie Rock has its origins in New wave music.
The generated text is : Manchester is a part of Greater Manchester.
The generated text is : Polydor Records is located in London.
The generated text is : RCA Records distribute through Sony Music Entertainment.
The generated text is : Rock and Roll has its stylistic origin in the Blues.
The generated text is : Synthpop's stylistic origins come from pop music.
The generated text is : The native people of the United Kingdom are known as the British people.
The generated text is : The celestial body known as (19255) 1994 VK8 has a density of 2 grams per cubic centimetres.
The generated text is : Carl A Wirtanen discovered (29075) 1950 DA.
The generated text is : The absolute magnitude of (410777) 2009 FD is 22.1.
The generated text is : The apoapsis of (410777) 2009 FD is 259776702.47055 kilometers.
The generated text is : The apoapsis for (66063) 1998 RO1 is 254989570.60815 kilometres.
The generated text is : (66063) 1998 RO1 has an epoch date of 2013-11-04.
The generated text is : The escape velocity of 1000 Piazzia is 0.0252 km/sec.
The generated text is : The former name of 1001 Gaussia is "1923 OAA907 XC".
The generated text is : The celestial body known as 1001 Gaussia has a maximum temperature of 165 kelvins.
The generated text is : 101 Helena has an apoapsis of 441092000.0 kilometres.
The generated text is : 101 Helena has an epoch of 2006-12-31.
The generated text is : 101 Helena has a mass of 3.0 kilograms.
The generated text is : 1036 Ganymed travels at an average speed of 16.86 kilometres per second.
The generated text is : The celestial body known as 103 Hera has an absolute magnitude of 7.66.
The generated text is : 103 Hera has a mass of 7.9 kilograms.
The generated text is : The absolute magnitude of 107 Camilla is 7.08.
The generated text is : A Storrs discovered 107 Camilla.
The generated text is : 1089 Tama was formerly called "A894 VA; A904 VD;".
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : The celestial body known as 1097 Vicia has an average speed of 17.92 k.p.s.
The generated text is : The epoch date of 1097 Vicia is 2006.12.31.
The generated text is : 1097 Vicia has a rotation period of 95040.0.
The generated text is : 109 Felicitas was discovered by Christian Heinrich Friedrich Peters.
The generated text is : The periapsis of 109 Felicitas is 283326000000.0.
The generated text is : 10 Hygiea has an average speed of 16.76 kilometres per second.
The generated text is : 1101 Clematis has a periapsis of 445895000000.0.
The generated text is : 31 December 2006 is the epoch of 110 Lydia.
The generated text is : 11264 Claudiomaccone has a temperature of 173.0 kelvins.
The generated text is : James Craig Watson's Alma mater is the University of Michigan.
The generated text is : N. R. Pogson was born in Nottingham.
The generated text is : Aaron S Daggett, fought in battles, most notably the Battle of Fredericksburg, he was awarded the Purple Heart.
The generated text is : Aaron S. Daggett fought in the Battle of Gettysburg and was awarded the Purple Heart.
The generated text is : Abdul Rahman Ya'kub, who succeeded Abdul Taib Mahmud, has a deputy named Stephen Yong Kuet Tze.
The generated text is : Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and his party is the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu.
The generated text is : Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Minna and he attended the Technical Institute Kaduna.
The generated text is : Abdulsalami Abubakar, who was born in Niger State, was the Chief of the Defence Staff in Nigeria.
The generated text is : Abdulsalami Abubakar was the Chief of the Defence Staff in Nigeria and he was succeeded by Al-Amin Daggash.
The generated text is : Abdulsalami Abubakar ended his career on 1999-05-29 and was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo.
The generated text is : Abdulsalami Abubakar, who was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo. was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President.
The generated text is : Abner W. Sibal fought in World War II and the commander of Russian during that war was Joseph Stalin.
The generated text is : Abner W. Sibal served in the United States Army, which fought in the Korean War.
The generated text is : Adam Holloway was born in Kent and attended Magdalene College in Cambridge.
The generated text is : Adam Holloway was born in Kent and lives in Gravesend.
The generated text is : Adam Koc fought in WWI and he was awarded the Virtuti Militari award.
The generated text is : Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens and worked as the Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman for the Popular Orthodox Rally.
The generated text is : Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, in Greece.
The generated text is : Greek born Adonis Georgiadis he has worked as the Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally.
The generated text is : Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendorf and was employed as a Parliamentary group leader.
The generated text is : Airey Neave received the Military Cross and served in the Royal Artillery.
The generated text is : Airey Neave, began his career on March 4th 1974, and fought in the Battle of France.
The generated text is : Airey Neave fought in the Battle of France, the battle where Hugo Sperrle was the commander.
The generated text is : Born in Kinightsbridge, Airey Neave fought in World War II.
The generated text is : Franklin D Roosevelt was a commander in World War II , in which Airey Neave fought.
The generated text is : Joseph Stalin was a commander in World War II, the war Airey Neave was involved in.
The generated text is : Albert B White was born 1856-09-22 and died in 1941.
The generated text is : Albert B White, born on 22nd September 1856, profession was politician.
The generated text is : Born in New York City, Albert Jennings Fountain, died in Dona Ana County, New Mexico.
The generated text is : Albert Jennings Fountain, who died in the New Mexico territory, was in office whilst Edmund J. Davis was Vice President.
The generated text is : Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York and is a member of the Republican Party.
The generated text is : Alberto Teisaire worked as a Provisional President of the Argentine Senate and was succeeded by Isaac Rojas.
The generated text is : Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria and Austria- Hungary.
The generated text is : Alfons Gorbach was born in Tyrol state in Austria.
The generated text is : Alfred Moore Scales, was Governor of North Carolina, and was succeeded by the politician James W Reid.
The generated text is : Daniel Gould Fowle, attended Princeton University, and suceeded Alfred Moore Scales.
The generated text is : Alfred N. Phillips was born in Connecticut and worked at the United States House of Representatives.
The generated text is : Alfred N. Phillip was a member of the US Army that fought in the American Civil War.
The generated text is : Allan Shivers fought in World War II where Joseph Stalin was also a commander.
The generated text is : Allan Shivers who worked as a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 (Port Arthur), was born in Lufkin, Texas.
The generated text is : Allan Shivers worked as a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 (Port Arthur) he was succeed by Ben Ramsey.
The generated text is : Alvah Sabin was born October 23, 1793. He worked as secretary of Vermont.
The generated text is : Agnes Kant is a resident of Netherlands which uses the Euro as its currency..
The generated text is : Agnes Kant is from the Netherlands, the leader of which, is Mark Rutte.
The generated text is : Albert B White died at Parkersburg, West Virginia, in the United States.
The generated text is : Aaron Boogaard was born in Saskatchewan and plays for Wichita Thunder.
The generated text is : Abel Hernandez has played for the club Peñarol which is managed by Jorge Orosmán da Silva.
The generated text is : Abel Hernandez's club is US Citta di Palermo and Penarol.
The generated text is : AZ Alkmaar player Adam Maher represented the Netherlands national side at Under 17 level.
The generated text is : Adam Maher played for PSV Eindhoven and represented the Netherlands under 17 football team.
The generated text is : Ahmad Kadhim Assad played for both Steel Azin F.C. and Al Shorta SC.
The generated text is : Akeem Adams club is Ferencvarosi TC, where the manager is Thomas Doll.
The generated text is : Akeem Adams, who plays for the Trinidad and Tobago national football team formerly played for the T&TEC Sports Club.
The generated text is : Akeem Ayers draft pick is 39 ad his former team is the New England Patriots.
The generated text is : Akeem Ayers used to play for Tennessee Titans and he was number 39 in the draft pick.
The generated text is : Akeem Dent date of birth is the 27th September 1987.
The generated text is : Akeem Priestley plays for the Connecticut Huskies, having previously played for Sheikh Russel KC.
The generated text is : Akeem Priestley plays for Sheikh Russel KC and formerly for RoPS.
The generated text is : Alaa Abdul -Zahra has played for Al-Khor Sports Club, located in Al-Khor.
The generated text is : Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC managed by Amar Osim.
The generated text is : Alan Martin plays football for Hamilton Academical F.C and Leeds United F.C.
The generated text is : Hamilton Academical FC's ground is New Douglas Park and is the club of Alan Martin.
The generated text is : Aleksander Barkov Jr. was born on the 2nd September 1995 and plays for the Florida Panthers.
The generated text is : Aleksander Barkov Jr was born in Tampere Finland and plays for the Florida Panthers.
The generated text is : FC Torpedo Moscow, managed by Valery Petrakov, is a former club of Aleksandr Chumakov.
The generated text is : Former clubs of Aleksandr Prudnikov include FC Spartak Moscow and FC Kuban Krasnodar.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Tom Tomsk which plays in the Russian Football National league.
The generated text is : Aleksandre Guruli's club is FC Karpaty Lviv and he also played for FC Dinamo Batumi.
The generated text is : Alex Plante was born in Manitoba in 1989.
The generated text is : Born on January 8th 1988, Alex Tyus plays for the club Pallacanestro Cantu.
The generated text is : Alex Tyus has played in the Turkish Basketball Super League and has also represented the club Maccabi Tel Aviv BC.
The generated text is : The Conservative Party of Canada is the leader of Brandon, Manitoba, where Alex Plante was born.
The generated text is : Adam McQuaid came from Canada whose anthem is O Canada.
The generated text is : The English language is spoken in Canada which is the birthplace of Adam McQuaid.
The generated text is : Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Dinamo Batumi managed by Levan Khomeriki.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow at the Otkrytiye Arena.
The generated text is : Akeem Priestley plays for the club RoPS in the Veikkausliiga league.
The generated text is : Akeem Adams played for United Petrotrin FC, who were playing in Palo Seco Velodrome.
The generated text is : Aaron Deer plays the guitar and performs Psychedelia music.
The generated text is : Aaron Deer is from the United States, specifically Indiana.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner performs electroacoustic music and he played with the band Twilight.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner is an avant-garde metal music singer.
The generated text is : Abradab played with the band Kaliber 44 and is associated with the rapper Magik.
The generated text is : Abradab was born in Katowice on 12th November 1978.
The generated text is : The birth place of Abradab is Poland, in Katowice.
The generated text is : The musical genre of Ace Wilder is hip hop music which has its origins in Disco.
The generated text is : Ace Wilder is a solo singer who uses the record label Warner Music group.
The generated text is : Paraguay born Agustin Barboza is signed to Philips Records.
The generated text is : Alan Frew's genre is Rock music of which bhangra is a fusion of rock.
The generated text is : Alan Frews' musical genre is rock music, which originated from country music.
The generated text is : Albennie Jones plays Jazz, which originated from Blues music.
The generated text is : With a background in solo singing, Aleksandra Kovač, belongs to the musical genre of Pop.
The generated text is : Aleksandra Kovac is an exponent of Rhythm and blues, the music that originated from the blues.
The generated text is : Aleksandra Kovač began her musical career in 1990, she performs soul music.
The generated text is : Alex Day performs Synthpop music which has its stylistic origin in new wave music.
The generated text is : Alfred Garth Jones was born in England in 1872.
The generated text is : Solo singer Alfredo Zitarrosa is a Milonga stylist.
The generated text is : Alfredo Zitarrosa started out as a solo singer and is an exponent of Taquirari.
The generated text is : Born in Uruguay, Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Alfredo Zitarrosa has a background as a solo singer and performs Zamba music.
The generated text is : Alison O'Donnell was with the bands Bajik and Plastik Mak.
The generated text is : Alison O'Donnell's musical genre is folk rock and her recording label is Floating World Records.
The generated text is : Alison O'Donnell performs jazz music, she plays the bodhran, perscussion, and autoharp in addition to singing.
The generated text is : Allen Forrest is a solo singer whose genre is Hip Hop music.
The generated text is : The musician Andrew White's genre is alternative rock which has the subgenre of Christian alternative rock.
The generated text is : Anders Osborne is associated with Phil Lesh and Friends as well as Tab Benoit.
The generated text is : Anders Osborne genre is Rhythm and blues and his record label is Rabadash Records.
The generated text is : Anders Osborne performs rhythm and blues music and is signed to Shanachie Records.
The generated text is : Andra is a pop singer who started in 2000.
The generated text is : Andra performs rhythm and blues music, a style that originated from blues.
The generated text is : Andrew Rayel is associated with Christian Burns and the musical artist Jonathan Mendelsohn.
The generated text is : Andrew Rayel has worked musically with Jonathan Mendelsohn and Mark Sixma.
The generated text is : Andrew Rayel is associated with the musician Jwaydan Moyine and the musical artist Armin van Buuren.
The generated text is : New wave music is the origin of Alternative rock, which is the genre of Andrew White.
The generated text is : Al Anderson of NRBQ performs country music which is a genre of music which uses the banjo.
The generated text is : Andrew White is a musician signed to the record label Polydor Records which is located in London.
The generated text is : (19255) 1994 VK8 has an apoapsis of 6603633000.0 km and an escape velocity of 0.0925 km per sec.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : The escape velocity of (66063) 1998 R01 is 0.0999 km/sec and its epoch is on the 13th of January 2016.
The generated text is : (66391) 1999 KW4 has an orbital period of 16244700.0 and an epoch date of 2004-07.14.
The generated text is : The epoch date for 66391 1999 KW4 is 2004-07.14 and it has a rotation period of 9953.28.
The generated text is : James craig watson who discovered 101 Helena died of peritonitis.
The generated text is : The apoapsis measurement of the celestial boy known as 1036 Ganymed is 611961000.0 (kilometres) and it has an average speed of 16.86 km per sec.
The generated text is : Walter Baade, who was born in the German Empire, discovered 1036 Ganymed.
The generated text is : 1036 Ganymed was discovered by Walter Baade, a German national.
The generated text is : 103 Hera was discovered by James Craig Watson, who later died from peritonitis.
The generated text is : 103 Hera was discovered by the Canadian James Craig Watson.
The generated text is : Born in Nottingham, N.R. Pogson, discovered 107 Camilla.
The generated text is : 1089 Tama, with the epoch date of November 26th 2005, was formerly called "A919 HA; 1927 WB;".
The generated text is : The temperature of 1089 Tama is 179.0 (kelvins) and its apoapsis is 373513000.0 (kilometres).
The generated text is : 1097 Vicia has a periapsis of 279142000000 and an epoch date of 31st December 2006.
The generated text is : The temperature of the asteroid called 109 Felicitas is 170.0 kelvins and it has an apoapsis of 523329000.0 km.
The generated text is : The epoch date of 109 Felicitas is the 31st December 2006, and it has a periapsis of 283326000000.0.
The generated text is : The celestial body known as 109 Felicitas has a rotation period of 47487.6 and an epoch date of December 31st 2006.
The generated text is : 10 Hygiea has an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 (kilometres) and a temperature of 164 kelvins.
The generated text is : 10 Hygiea has an epoch date of June 27th 2015 and was formerly named A900GA.
The generated text is : 110 Lydia, with a mass of 6.7 kilograms, has the epoch date 31st December 2006.
The generated text is : The celestial body known as 110 Lydia has an orbital period of 142603000 and an epoch date of 31 December 2006.
The generated text is : The A-Rosa Luna which is 125.8 metres long, is classed as a Cruise ship.
The generated text is : The A-Rosa Luna ship which is 125800.0 millimetres in length, was ordered on January 22nd 2004.
The generated text is : AIDA Cruises is located in Germany and is operated by AIDAstella.
The generated text is : AIDA Cruises, located in Rostock, are the operator of the ship AIDAluna.
The generated text is : The AIDAluna has a top speed of 40.744 and it 252 metres long.
The generated text is : The AIDAstella was christened on the 16th of March, 2013 and is 253260.0 millimetres long.
The generated text is : The Diesel-electric transmission ALCO RS-3 was built by the Montreal Locomotive Works.
The generated text is : The ALV X-1 rocket has 2 stages and a diameter of 1.524 metres.
The generated text is : The AMC Matador is available in a 1974 model and was assembled in Kenosha, Wisconsin.
The generated text is : Richard A. Teague is the Chrysler employee who designed the AMC Matador.
The generated text is : The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) which is derived from Argentina has a length of 192000 millimetres.
The generated text is : The Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Milan, is a similar means of transport to the Saab 9000.
The generated text is : The Alfa Romeo 164 was assembled in Italy and is a similar means of transport to the, Fiat Croma.
The generated text is : Alfa Romeo 164 is a related transport to Lancia Thema and is assembled in Italy.
The generated text is : The Alvis Speed 25 was made by Coventry based Alvis Car and Engineering Company.
The generated text is : The Alvis Speed 25 has an engine of 4387 cubic centimeters and a transmission system comprising a single plate clutch, separate 4-speed gearbox all-silent and all-syncromesh, centre change lever, open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints and spiral bevel fully floating back axle.
The generated text is : Alvis Speed 25 has a straight-six engine and has a transmission system comprising a single plate clutch, separate 4-speed gearbox all-silent and all-syncromesh, centre change lever, open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints and spiral bevel fully floating back axle.
The generated text is : The AMC Matador is made by American Motors who were succeeded by Eagle.
The generated text is : The Antares rocket had its maiden flight on January 9th 2014 and was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport.
The generated text is : The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) comes from Argentina which is led by Gabriela Michetti.
The generated text is : The Ariane 5 which was launched at the ELA-3, was manufactured by Airbus Defence and Space.
The generated text is : The Airbus Group is the parent company of Airbus Defence and Space who manufactured the Ariane 5.
The generated text is : Aston Martin V8 was made in the UK. The Aston Martin V8 is connected to the Aston Martin RHAM/1.
The generated text is : The Aston Martin V8 was manufactured by Aston Martin and was succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage.
The generated text is : The Aston Martin V8 (which was succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage) and the Aston Martin DBS are a related means of transport.
The generated text is : Aston Martin Virage succeeded the Aston Martin V8 and is manufactured by Aston Martin.
The generated text is : The final flight of Atlas II, which has a diameter of 3.04m, was on 16 March 1998.
The generated text is : The Atlas II, manufactured by Lockheed Martin, was launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
The generated text is : Audi which is the manufacturer of the Audi A1 has a division called the Audi e-tron.
The generated text is : The Audi A1 is made by Audi who also own Ducati.
The generated text is : The Quattro Gmbh is a subsidiary of the Audi who manufacture the Audi A1.
The generated text is : The power type of the AIDAluna is an engine manufactured by Caterpillar Inc where Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person.
The generated text is : The rocket Antares is comparable to the Delta II which was launched from the Vandenberg Air Force base.
The generated text is : The icebreaker, the Aleksey Chirikov, is built by Finland, where the leader is Juha Sipila.
The generated text is : General Dynamics is the parent company of the General Dynamics Electric Boat Co which built the American submarine NR-1.
The generated text is : The A-Rosa Luna is powered by the Rolls-Royce Holdings owned, MTU Friedrichshafen, made engines.
The generated text is : Aston Martin V8 was assembled in the United Kingdom which is ruled by Queen Elizabeth II.
The generated text is : Born in Maine, Purple Heart recipient, Aaron S Daggett has fought in battles, the most notable being the Battle of Fredericksburg.
The generated text is : Born in the Netherlands, Ab Klink attended Erasmus University Rotterdam and belongs to the Christian Democratic Appeal party.
The generated text is : Abdul Taib Mahmud's birthplace was Kingdom of Sarawak and he was succeeded by Abdul Rahman Ya'Kub whose deputy was Stephen Yong Kuet Tze.
The generated text is : Abdul Taib Mahmud was born and lives in the Kingdom of Sarawak and is a member of the "Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak" party.
The generated text is : Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State, graduated from the Technical Institute in Kaduna and became the Chief of the Defence Staff in Nigeria.
The generated text is : Nigerian Air Force member Abdulsalami Akubar was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo who was in office whilst Atiku Akubakar was Vice President.
The generated text is : Olusegun Obasanjo, who was in office while Atiku Abubakar was Vice President, succeeded Nigerian Army man Abdulsalami Abubakar.
The generated text is : Abel Caballero, born in Ponteareas, Galicia, Spain, worked as a Member of the Congress of Deputies.
The generated text is : Abel Caballero was born in Galicia in Spain and is a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party.
The generated text is : Abner W. Sibal served in the United States Army and fought in WWII. Joseph Stalin was a commander in that war.
The generated text is : Born in Ridgewood, Queens, Abner W. Sibal, was a member of both the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District, and the Republican party of the United States.
The generated text is : During the Gulf war George H W Bush was a commander and Adam Holloway was involved in the battles whilst serving in the Grenadier guards.
The generated text is : Magdalene College Cambridge, was the alma mater of Adam Holloway, who was born in Faversham, and is a member of the Tories.
The generated text is : Leon Trotsky was a commander in the Polish Soviet war in which Adam Koc was also involved. Koc was born in Congress, Poland.
The generated text is : Leon Trotsky was a commander in the Polish-Soviet war, part of the Russian Civil War military conflict in which Adam Koc was involved.
The generated text is : Born in Athens, Greece, Adonis Georgiadis, worked as the Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally.
The generated text is : Adonis Georgiadis, born in Athens, Greece, worked as the Minister for Health.
The generated text is : Adonis Georgiadis was a member of the New Democracy party in Greece whose color is blue. Mr. Georgiadis was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister.
The generated text is : Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands and worked at the House of Representatives, where the leader is Mark Rutte.
The generated text is : Agnes Kant is a member of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands whose leader is Mark Rutte.
The generated text is : Agnes Kant was born in West Germany. She was a Member of the House of Representatives and her Alma mater was Radboud University in Nijmegen.
The generated text is : Airey Neave participated in World War II and his career lasted from 30 June 1953 to 30 March 1979.
The generated text is : Airey Neave, began his career on March 4th 1974, fought in World War II and ended his career on 30th March 1979.
The generated text is : Born on 22nd September 1856, Albert B White, died on the 3rd July 1941.
The generated text is : William M. O. Dawson succeeded Albert B. White, whose spouse was Agnes Ward White, who was born in Marietta, Ohio.
The generated text is : Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island and he died in the U.S. African Americans live in the United States.
The generated text is : Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island, New York City and died in New Mexico Territory.
The generated text is : Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island, New York and also died in the US.
The generated text is : Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires, the country which is governed by the Buenos Aires City Legislature and the leader is, Horacio Rodríguez Larreta.
The generated text is : Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza in Argentina and was a Rear Admiral who was succeeded by Isaac Rojas.
The generated text is : Alfons Gorbach was born in the County of Tyrol in Austria and later died in Graz.
The generated text is : Alfred N. Phillips was a Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district who was born in Connecticut and succeeded by Albert E Austin.
The generated text is : Born in Darien Connecticut, Alfred N Phillips, worked as Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district and was succeeded by, Albert E. Austin.
The generated text is : Allan Shivers served in the U.S. Democratic Party, was a member of the Texas State Senate District 4 for Port Arthur and was succeeded by Wilfred R. Cousins, Jr.
The generated text is : Alvah Sabin, who retired on 3rd March 1857, represented Vermont, where the largest city is Burlington.
The generated text is : Alvah Sabin, who was born on October 23rd, 1793, was a member of the Whig Party of the United States which was led by Henry Clay.
The generated text is : Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia Vermont and became a member of the Whig Party of the United States which is led by Daniel Webster.
The generated text is : Abraham Lincoln was a commander in the American Civil War, where US born Albert Jennings Fountain fought.
The generated text is : Alfred Moore Scales was in the American Civil War, Battle of Fredericksburg. Jefferson Davis was an American Civil War commander.
The generated text is : Alfons Gorbach, was born in the County of Tyrol and died in Austria, the leader of which, is Doris Bures.
The generated text is : Alfons Gorbach was born in the state of Tyrol and died in Austria, where the leader is Doris Bures.
The generated text is : Doris Bures is the leader of Austria where Alfons Gorbach died in Styria.
The generated text is : Robert E Lee was a commander in the Battle of Salem Church, which was one of the military conflicts in the American Civil War. Aaron S Daggett fought in the same battle.
The generated text is : Born in Stellendam, Ab Klink is a national of the Netherlands where the Euro is the currency.
The generated text is : The Polish language is used in Poland, where Adam koc was from. Poland has an ethnic group called Kashubians.
The generated text is : 19255 1994 VK8 has a mass of 5.6kg and an escape velocity of 0.0925 kilometres per second. Its apoapsis is 6603633000.0 km.
The generated text is : (410777) 2009 FD, which was discovered by Spacewatch, has an orbital period of 39447000.0 and a periapsis of 88234300000.0.
The generated text is : With an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 kilometres, (66063) 1998 RO1, has a minimum temperature of -71.0 degrees Celsius and a maximum temperature of 500.0 kelvins.
The generated text is : Having a density of 2.0 gm per cu cm, (66391) 1999 KW4, has an apoapsis of 162164091.8388 kilometres, an the average speed of 37.16 km per sec.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : 1001 Gaussia, which was formerly called "1923 OAA907 XC", has an epoch date of 31 July 2016 and a periapsis of 419113394.55312 kilometres.
The generated text is : 101 Helena; has a mass of 3.0 kgs, an escape velocity of 0.0348 kilometres per second, and an apoapsis of 441092000.0 kilometres.
The generated text is : Walter Baade, a German national who graduated from the University of Gottingen, discovered 1036 Ganymed.
The generated text is : James Craig Watson was the discoverer of 103 Hera, the epoch of which is on the 31st of July 2016. He died in Madison, Wisconsin.
The generated text is : 103 Hera was discovered by James Craig Watson. He died in Madison, Wisconsin of peritonitis.
The generated text is : 103 Hera has the epoch of 27 August 2011. It has an orbital period of 1622.213 days and an apoapsis of 437170000.0 (kilometres).
The generated text is : The celestial body known as 103 Hera has a temperature of 170 kelvins. It has has an escape velocity of 0.0482 kilometres per second and an apoapsis of 437170000.0 kilometres.
The generated text is : NR Pogson was an English National who was born in Nottingham and discovered 107 Camilla.
The generated text is : The 1089 Tama (formally known as A894 VA; A904 VD) has an orbital period of 1202.846 days and an epoch date of the 26th November 2005.
The generated text is : 1089 Tama, with the epoch date November 26th 2005, has a periapsis of 288749000000.0. and an apoapsis of 373513000.0 kilometres.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Weighing 7.5kgs, 109 Felicitas, has an epoch date of December 31st 2006, and its orbital period is, 139705000.0.
The generated text is : 109 Felicitas has an epoch date of December 31st 2006. Its orbital period is is 139705000.0 and its apoapsis is 523329000.0 (kilometres).
The generated text is : 10 Hygiea; has an average speed of 16.76 kilometres per second, an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 kilometre and takes 5.57 days to orbit.
The generated text is : The celestial body known as 10 Hygiea, has a surface area of 837080.744 square km and an average speed of 16.76 km per secs. 10 Hygiea has an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 kilometres.
The generated text is : The celestial body known as 10 Hygiea has a surface area of 837080.744 square km. It has an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 kilometres and a temperature of 164 Kelvins.
The generated text is : 110 Lydia has a mass of 6.7 kg, a periapsis of 377016000000.0, and has an epoch date of December 31st, 2006.
The generated text is : 110 Lydia, with the epoch date December 31st 2006, has an apoapsis of 440756000.0 km and a periapsis measurement of 377016000000.0.
The generated text is : Aaron Bertram plays for the Suburban Legends pop music band.He is an artist with the band Kids Imagine Nation.
The generated text is : From Indiana (United States), Aaron Deer's musical genre is, indie rock.
The generated text is : American, Aaron Deer, whose genre is Psychedelia, is from Indiana.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner's music genre is Black Metal and he played with the Twilight band. He is also associated with the Greymachine band.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner; played with the band Twilight, is part of the drone music genre and is associated with the group Greymachine.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner; performs ambient music, played with the band Twilight and performs for Mamiffer.
The generated text is : Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal, the music played by electric guitarist, Aaron Turner.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner is a singer and Black metal musician. Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal.
The generated text is : Born on 12th November, 1978, Abradab, played with the band Kaliber 44 and is associated with the rapper, Magik.
The generated text is : Abradab comes from Katowice and plays for the Kaliber 44 band. He plays with rapper, Magik.
The generated text is : The musical genre of Ace Wilder is hip hop music. Hip Hop music originates from Funk and has its stylistic origins in disco.
The generated text is : Agustín Barboza was born in Asunción, Paraguay. The leader of Paraguay is Juan Afara.
The generated text is : Al Anderson is a singer who plays with the band NRBQ. His genre is rock music.
The generated text is : Alan Frew is a performer of rock music which originated from country music. A musical fusion of rock music is bhangra music.
The generated text is : Albennie Jones is a Jazz musician. Jazz comes from Blues music and the Afrobeat is a fusion genre of that music.
The generated text is : Albennie Jones was born in Errata Mississippi and his musical genre is rhythm and blues which is where Disco derives.
The generated text is : Aleksandra Kovač is associated with the musical artist Bebi Dol, is part of the band K2 (Kovac sisters duo), and musical genre is Pop.
The generated text is : Aleksandra Kovač, a performer of pop music, is associated with the musical artists Bebi Dol and Kornelije Kovač.
The generated text is : Rhythm and Blues artist Aleksandra Kovač is a member of sister duo, K2, with musician Kristina Kovač.
The generated text is : The musical genre of Alex Day is Synthpop, a form of pop music which originated from Disco.
The generated text is : Born in Manchester, England, Alfred Garth Jones, died in Sidcup.
The generated text is : Alfred Garth Jones, born in England in the U.K., died in London.
The generated text is : Alfred Garth Jones, was born in Manchester, in the United Kingdom and died in London.
The generated text is : Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester and died in Sidcup. The majority in Manchester is the Labour Party.
The generated text is : Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup, London. Boris Johnson is a leader in the city.
The generated text is : Irish Folk musician Alison O'Donnell is part of the Flibbertigibbet band and formerly of Mellow Candle.
The generated text is : Folk music is the genre of Alison O'Donnell, who was in the bands Mellow Candle and the Flibbertigibbet band.
The generated text is : Alison O'Donnell is a jazz (funk is a derivative of Jazz) performer who sings, plays percussion, autoharp and bodhan.
The generated text is : Funk is a derivative of Jazz, the music Alison O'Donnell performs. Alison O'Donnell recorded on the record label, Static Caravan Recordings.
The generated text is : Allen Forrest (Dothan, Alabama) is a solo singer and an exponent of Pop music.
The generated text is : Allen Forrest, born in Dothan, Alabama, performs rhythm and blues. He was originally a solo singer.
The generated text is : Musician Andrew White's genre is alternative rock which originated from new wave music. Nu metal is a music fusion genre of alternative rock.
The generated text is : Anders Osborne is associated with the musical artists Billy Iuso and Kirk Joseph and also associated with Tab Benoit.
The generated text is : Anders Osborne’s musical genre is rock music and record label is Rabadash Records. The music Bhangra is part of the fusion genre, partly coming from Rock music.
The generated text is : Andra is a singer and her music genre is Dance-pop. She is associated with the band CRBL and with the singer Puya.
The generated text is : Rhythm and blues singer Andra is associated with musicians Marius Moga and Andreea Balan.
The generated text is : Andra began her career as a solo singer and is a rhythm and blues singer. Disco derives from rhythm and blues.
The generated text is : The musical genre of Andrew Rayel is trance music. He is associated with the musical artists Jonathan Mendelsohn and Christian Burns.
The generated text is : Andrew Rayel, of the music genre trance music, is associated with the musical artists Jonathan Mendelsohn and Bobina.
The generated text is : Musicians Andrew Rayel and Christian Burns are associates and while the latter plays house music, the former is associated with musician Jwaydan Moyine.
The generated text is : Andrew white was once a member of Kaiser Chiefs and is associated with Marry Banilow. His record label is the now defunct Universal Records.
The generated text is : Aaron Bertram plays for the Suburban Legends band and performs ska punk music, which has its origins in Ska.
The generated text is : Albennie Jones was born in Errata, Mississippi, United States, where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
The generated text is : The 1955 Dodge, also named the Dodge Coronet, has a 3-speed automatic transmission and a V8 engine.
The generated text is : A-Rosa-Luna, a cruise ship 125800.0 millimetres in length, was ordered on January 22, 2004.
The generated text is : A-Rosa Luna has a ship displacement of 1850 tonnes and a top speed of 24 km/h. Its length is 125.8 metres.
The generated text is : The AIDAstella is owned by Cost Crociere and it's operator is German based AIDA Cruises.
The generated text is : The AIDAstella was christened on the 16th of March, 2013, put in service on March 17, 2013, and is 253260.0 millimetres in length.
The generated text is : The ALCO RS-3 has a four-stroke engine, a length of 17068.8 millimetres and was built by the American Locomotive Company.
The generated text is : The ALCO RS-3 was built by the American Locomotive Company. It is 17068.8mm long and has a V12 engine.
The generated text is : The American Locomotive Company, founded in Schenectady, New York, were the builders of the ALCO RS-3, which has a length of 17068.8 mm.
The generated text is : ALVX-1 comes from the US where Americans live and African Americans are an ethnic group.
The generated text is : The ALV X-1 originated in the United States, a country whose capital is Washington DC and has Native Americans as an ethnic group.
The generated text is : The ALV X-1 rocket which has a diameter of 1.524 meters and has 2 stages was launched one.
The generated text is : The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé, with its straight four engine, completed production in 1958.
The generated text is : The Abarth 1000 Gt Coupe is a 2 door coupe which is 1.55m wide with a wheelbase of 2160mm.
The generated text is : The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov which has a ship beam of 21.2, was built at the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard, in Helsinki.
The generated text is : Alfa Romeo 164, asembled in Italy (capital:Rome), is a related mode of transportation as the Fiat Croma.
The generated text is : The Lancia Thema and the Alfa Romeo 164 are related. The latter is built in Italy where the capital is Rome.
The generated text is : The Arese assembled, Alfa Romeo 164 and the Fiat Croma as well as the Lancia Thema, are related types of transportation.
The generated text is : The Alfa Romeo 164, made in Milan, along with the Fiat Croma and the Saab 9000 are related cars.
The generated text is : The Alhambra has a ship beam of 8.3m, is 63800.0 millimetres long, and was launched on 1855-05-31.
The generated text is : The Alhambra, which was wrecked, had a ship beam of 8.3 metres and was launched on 31 May 1855.
The generated text is : Alvis Car and Engineering Company was founded in Coventry and made the Alvis Speed 25. Alvis Speed 25 has a petrol engine.
The generated text is : The AMC Matador is made by American Motors who has a key person called Roy D Chapin. The AMC was succeeded by the Eagle Co.
The generated text is : The Antares rocket, manufactured at the Yuzhnoye Design Office, is relative to the United States based, Delta II.
The generated text is : The Antares rocket function is a medium expendable launch system manufactured at the Yuzhnoye Design Office and launched at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0.
The generated text is : Arianespace is the manufacturer of Ariane 5 which was launched from ELA-3 at the Guiana Space Centre.
The generated text is : The Aston Martin V8 assembly took place in Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, United Kingdom. The Aston Martin V8(has a engine volume of 5.3 litres) and the Aston Martin DBS are related means of transport.
The generated text is : The Aston Martin V8 and the Aston Martin DBS are related means of transport. The V8 model is assembled in the United kingdom with a 5.3 litre engine.
The generated text is : The US Atlas II was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base and Cape Canaveral.
The generated text is : The Atlas II originated from the United States, where Native Americans are an ethnic group. The leader of the United States has the title President of the United States.
The generated text is : Originating from the U.S, the Atlas II was launched from the Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36, from the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
The generated text is : The Audi A1, a hatchback, has a 1.2 liter engine and is assembled by Audi Brussels.
The generated text is : Audi's A1 is simiilar to the Seat Ibiza and the VW Polo.
The generated text is : Caterpillar Inc., founded in California and located in Peoria, Illinois, powers the AIDAluna.
The generated text is : Caterpillar Inc. is found in Illinois and they powered the AIDAluna. AIDACruises owns the AIDAluna.
The generated text is : The ship AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruises which is owned by Costa Crociere is in Genoa.
The generated text is : The rocket Antares is comparable to the American, Delta II. The launch site of the Delta II was at the Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2.
The generated text is : The Ariane 5 was launched at ELA-3 at the Guiana Space Centre. The Guiana Space Centre has its headquarters in French Guiana.
The generated text is : The launch site of the Ariane was ELA-3 at the Guiana Space Centre at Kourou, French Guiana.
The generated text is : The builder of the A-Rosa is Neptun Werft, which headquartered in Rostock, Germany.
The generated text is : The Atlas II originated from the U.S, where Americans live and one of the ethnic groups is African Americans.
The generated text is : Aaron Hunt represented the club Goslarer SC 08 at youth level and has since played for both SV Werder Bremen and Vfl Wolfsburg.
The generated text is : Aaron Hunt plays for the club SV Werder Bremen II and also VfL Wolfsburg which is managed by Dieter Hecking.
The generated text is : Abel Hernandez is a member of the Central Espanol youth team and he plays for Hull City AFC but his club is US Citta di Palermo.
The generated text is : Abel Hernández played football at youth level for Central Español. At senior level he has played for US Citta di Palermo and Penarol.
The generated text is : Adam Maher was born in the Netherlands and his clubs are PSV Eindhoven and AZ Alkmaar.
The generated text is : Akeem Adams played for W Connection F.C. and is a member of the United Petrotrin F.C. club. which play in Palo Seco.
The generated text is : Akeem Ayers, whose former team was the Los Angeles Rams, was in draft round 2 and his draft pick number was 39.
The generated text is : Akeem Ayers, who formerly played for St Louis Rams, was number 39 in the draft pick and in draft round 2.
The generated text is : Akeem Dent, who was born on 27 September 1987 in Atlanta, Georgia, made his debut with the Atlanta Falcons.
The generated text is : Iraqi born, Alaa Abdul-Zahra, whose club is Shabab Al-Ordon Club, plays for the Iraq national under 20 football team.
The generated text is : Alaa Abdul-Zahra's clubs are Shabab Al-Ordon and also Al Kharaitiyat SC whose ground is Al Khor.
The generated text is : Born on 1 January 1989, Alan Martin currently plays for Hamilton Academical FC, having previously played with Clyde FC.
The generated text is : Alan Martin's football club is Motherwell FC and he has also played for the Accrington based club Accrington Stanley.
The generated text is : Born September 2, 1995, Aleksander Barkov Jr of Tampere, Finland, played for the Florida Panthers.
The generated text is : Aleksander Barkov Jr was born in Tampere, Finland on Sept. 2, 1995 and his draft team is the Florida Panthers.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Chumakov was born in the Soviet Union and died there in Russia. The leader of Russia is Vladimir Putin.
The generated text is : Born on 24th February 1989, Aleksandr Prudnikov, plays for both, FC Alania Vladikavkaz and FC Kuban Krasnodar club.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudnikov, whose club is FC Tom Tomsk, was born on 24th February 1989 and has played for the Russia national football B team.
The generated text is : AZAL PFK player, Aleksandre Guruli, played for the Olympique Lyonnais club, the home ground of which, is the Parc Olympique Lyonnais stadium.
The generated text is : Aleksandre Guruli, whose club is US Lesquin, played for the Olympique Lyonnais club who have their home ground at Parc Olympique Lyonnais stadium.
The generated text is : Footballer Alessio Romagnoli, who represented Italy at Under 16 level, plays for C Milan, where the manager is Siniša Mihajlović.
The generated text is : Alessio Romagnoli, who is connected to UC Sampdoria, plays for A.C. Milan which, is managed by, Siniša Mihajlović.
The generated text is : Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.S. Roma and he use to play for the Italian national under 16 football team, which is coached by Daniele Zoratto.
The generated text is : Alessio Romagnoli played for the club U.C. Sampdoria, and is a member of club Italy national under 17's. He was born in Italy.
The generated text is : Alex Plante was born in Brandon, Manitoba and is 1.9304 m tall. He plays for the Anyang Halla club.
The generated text is : Born in Canada, Alex Plante is 1.9304 metres tall and has played for the club Anyang Halla.
The generated text is : Alex Tyus plays for Maccabi Ashdod B.C. in the Euroleague. The coach of the Ashdod team is Zvi Sherf.
The generated text is : Alex Tyus plays for Maccabi Ashdod B.C who are coached by Zvi Sherf and are part of the Turkish Basketball Super League.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Tom Tomsk and his club is FC Spartak Moscow, who have their home ground at the Otkrytiye Arena.
The generated text is : Otkrytiye Arena is the home ground of FC Spartak Moscow, where Aleksandr Prudnikov played youth football. He later represented FC Anzhi Makhachkala.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow who are managed by Valery Petrakov and played in the 2014-15 Russian Premier league.
The generated text is : Abel Hernández plays for the Uruguay Olympic football team and his club is Hull City A.F.C. which is managed by Steve Bruce.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Chumakov was born in Moscow and died in Russia. Sergey Sobyanin is Moscow's leader.
The generated text is : Abner plays football for the Brazilian national under 20 football team and also for Real Madrid Castilla who are managed by Luis Miguel Ramis.
The generated text is : Footballer, Abner plays for the club, Real Madrid Castilla and belongs to C.D. FAS club. Luis Miguel Ramis manages the Real Madrid Castilla.
The generated text is : Alex Tyus was born in St Louis, (part of greater St. Louis), where Francis G. Slay is the leader.
The generated text is : Akeem Ayers, whose former team is the New England Patriots, made his debut with the American football team Tennessee Titans based in the city of Nashville.
The generated text is : Akeem Adams, who plays for the Trinidad and Tobago national under-20 football team previously played for United Petrotin FC whose ground is at Palo Seco.
The generated text is : Alexander Nouri is the manager of SV Werder Bremen, which Aaron Hunt plays for. He also plays for, SV Werder Bremen II which is in the league 3 Liga.
The generated text is : Abel Hernandez, who played for Penarol, was a member of the Central Espanol youth team. Abel Hernández's club is Hull City A.F.C. which is managed by, Steve Bruce.
The generated text is : Abel Hernández was a member of youth club Peñarol, managed by, Jorge Orosmán da Silva. Abel Hernandezalso played for the Central Espanol club and now his club is US Citta di Palermo.
The generated text is : When he was younger, Abel Hernández played for Peñarol. He now plays for US Citta di Palermo in the Serie A. League and managed by Giuseppe Iachini.
The generated text is : Adam McQuaid was born October 12th 1986 on Prince Edward Island. He weighs 94.8024 kilograms.
The generated text is : Don Sweeney is general manager for the Boston Bruins, the team Adam McQuaid played for. McQuaid was drafted to the Columbus Blue Jackets, from Columbus, Ohio.
The generated text is : Akeem Ayers; was born on 10th July 1989, made his debut for the Tennessee Titans and used to play for the St. Louis Rams.
The generated text is : Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia on 27th September 1987 and played for the Houston Texans.
The generated text is : Akeem Dent, born September 27, 1987 in Atlanta, Georgia, on the Atlanta Falcons. He also played for the Houston Texans formerly.
The generated text is : Alaa Abdul Zahra, whose club is Al-Zawra'a SC, is also a member of the club, AL Kharaitiyat SC Amar Osim is the manager of Al Kharaitiyat SC. which is located in Al Khor.
The generated text is : Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC, in Al Khor, and for the Iraq national under 23 football team. Al Kharaitiyat SC is managed by Amar Osim.
The generated text is : Alaa Abdul-Zahra, whose club is Shabab Al-Ordon Club, also plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC. which is located in Al Khor. The manager of Al Kharaitiyat SC is Amar Osim.
The generated text is : Footballer, Alan Martin, was born on the 1st January 1989. He is 185.42 cm tall and plays for both the Hamilton Academical FC and Crewe Alexandra FC.
The generated text is : Alan martin, was born on the 1st January 1989. He is 185.42 cm tall, a footballer for the Crewe Alexandra FC and plays in the Scottish National under 21 football team.
The generated text is : Born on Feb. 24, 1989 and measuring 185 cm tall, Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for the FC Kuban Krasnodar and is part of the Dynamo Moscow FC.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 24-02-1989, he is now 185cm tall. His club is FC Spartak Moscow but he currently plays for FC Rubin Kazan.
The generated text is : Aleksandre Guruli was born in Batumi and he is 1.78m tall. He has played for FC Karpaty Lviv and FC Zestafoni.
The generated text is : Alex Plante, who played for Anyang Halla, was born on 1989-05-09, in Canada.
The generated text is : 1.9304m tall Alex Plante, whose club is Anyang Halla, was born in Canada, in 1989.
The generated text is : Aaron Boogaard's birthplace is Canada. The country, where one of the languages spoken is Inuktitut. It is also where O Canada is the national anthem and the leader is Elizabeth II.
The generated text is : The anthem of Canada is O Canada, the leader is Elizabeth II, one of the ethic groups in Canada are the Asian Canadians and it is the birthplace of Aaron Boogaard.
The generated text is : Elizabeth II is Canada's leader and the national anthem is "O Canada". It is home to Aaron Boogaard and the Slavey language is spoken.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudnikov, who plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar, also plays for FC Terek Grozny. Rashid Rakhimov is the manager of FC Terek Grozny, the ground of which, is located in Grozny.
The generated text is : FC Torpedo Moscow who are managed by Aleksandr Chumakov and whose chairman is Aleksandr Tukmanov, played the 2014–15 season in the Russian Premier League. Aleksandr Chumakov has played for the club.
The generated text is : Akeem Dent's first team were the Atlanta Falcons and his former team are the Houston Texans, which are based in the city of Houston and play in Texas.
The generated text is : Abel Hernández was a member of youth club Peñarol, that play in the Uruguayan Primera División league. His current club is Hull City A.F.C. which is managed by, Steve Bruce.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : (66063)1998 RO1 had its epoch date on 2013-11-04 and has an orbital period of 360.29 days.It has an escape velocity of 0.0999 km/s and its apoapsis is 254989570.60815 kilometres.
The generated text is : The mean temperature of (66063) 1998 RO1 is 265.0 kelvins and its apoapsis is 254989570.60815 kilometres. It has an epoch date of 4 November 2013 and an orbital period of 360.29 days.
The generated text is : The epoch of 1000 Piazzia is 2015-06-27. It has an escape velocity of 0.0252 km/sec, a periapsis of 352497000000.0 and an orbital period of 488160.0.
The generated text is : 1923 OAA907 XC is the original name of 1001 Gaussia, which was discovered by Sergey Belyavsky and has an epoch date of June 27th 2015. Its periapsis measures 419113394.55312 kilometres.
The generated text is : 1036 Ganymed was discovered by Walter Baade whose alma mater was the University of Gottingen. He had a doctoral student named Allan Sandage. Mr. Baade was born in Germany.
The generated text is : 1036 Ganymed was discovered by Walter Baade. Baade was born in Preußisch Oldendorf and attended the University of Gottingen where one of his doctoral students was Halton Arp.
The generated text is : Walter Baade, who had a doctoral student named Halton Arp, discovered 1036 Ganymed. He had graduated from the University of Gottingen and later died in West Germany.
The generated text is : James Craig Watson was the discoverer of 103 Hera. His Alma mater is the University of Michigan and he died in Madison, Wisconsin of peritonitis.
The generated text is : Canadian James Craig Watson, who dies in Madison, Wisconsin, was the discoverer of 103 Hera, which has an apoapsis of 437170000.0 (kilometres).
The generated text is : James Craig Watson of Canada passed in Madison, Wisconsin from peritonitis. He was the discoverer of 103 Hera.
The generated text is : N.R. Pogson discovered 107 Camilla which has a periapsis of 479,343,000 kilometres. Pogson was born in Nottingham and died in Chennai.
The generated text is : 107 Camilla was discovered by N.R. Pogson, who was born in Nottingham and died in Chennai. It was discovered on 1 March 2001.
The generated text is : 1089 Tama (previously called A894 VA; A904 VD); has an orbital period of 1202.846 days, a periapsis of 288749000000.0, and the epoch date, 2005-11-26.
The generated text is : 1089 Tama, with the epoch date November 26th 2011, has an escape velocity of 0.0068 kmps. It orbital period is 1202.846 days and it has an apoapsis of 373513000.0 (kilometres).
The generated text is : 1097 Vicia, with the epoch date December 31st 2006, has a mass of 98 kgs, an apoapsis of 511592000.0 km and an orbital period of 135589000.0.
The generated text is : 109 Felicitas has an orbital period of 139705000.0 and a periapsis of 283326000000.0. Its epoch date is 31 December 2006, and it has an escape velocity of 0.0473 kilometres per second.
The generated text is : 10 Hygiea was formerly known as A900 GA and has an epoch date of 27 June 2015. The orbital period is 5.57 days and the periapsis measurement is 416136000000.0.
The generated text is : The celestial body known as 1101 Clematis has the epoch date of 31 July 2016 and an apoapsis of 520906000.0 (kilometres). It has an orbital period of 183309000.0 and an escape velocity of 0.02 kmps.
The generated text is : 1101 Clematis, formerly known as "1928 SJ", has an orbital period of 183309000.0 and a periapsis of 445895000000. Its epoch date is December 31st 2006.
The generated text is : 1101 Clematis's escape velocity is 0.02 km/s, prbital period of 183309000, periapsis of 445895000000, and an epoch on the 31st of December.
The generated text is : The 1955 Dodge is manufactured by Dodge and it has a V8 engine. It has a wheelbase of 120 inches and has a 3 speed automatic transmission.
The generated text is : The 1955 Dodge is related to the Chrysler Newport and the DeSoto Custom which was made by DeSoto and succeeded by the DeSoto Firedome.
The generated text is : Located at Rostock, AIDA Cruises operate AIDAstella ship which was built by Meyer Werft and owned by Costa Crociere.
The generated text is : AIDAstella is 253260.0 millimetres long and was built by Meyer Werft. It is owned by Costa Crociere and operated by AIDA Cruises.
The generated text is : The ALCO RS-3, built by the American Locomotive Company, has a diesel-electric, V12 engine and was produced from May 1950 to August 1956.
The generated text is : The ALCO RS-3 has a V12 engine and a length of 17068.8 millimetres. It was produced between May 1950 and August 1956 by the American Locomotive Company.
The generated text is : The ALCO RS-3 was made in the U.S. in Schenectady, N.Y. by the American Locomotive Co. The ALCO RS-3 is 17068.8 millimetres long.
The generated text is : The ALCO RS-3 was built by the Montreal Locomotive Works and produced between May 1950 and August 1956. It has a V12 engine and a diesel-electric transmission.
The generated text is : The ALCO RS-3 was built by the Montreal Locomotive Works and produced between May 1950 and August 1956. It has 12 cylinders and a four-stroke engine.
The generated text is : The AMC Matador which is assembled in Mexico City is also known as the American Motors Matador. It is in the style of a station wagon and has an AMC V8 engine.
The generated text is : The AMC Matador (alternative name, VAM Classic) was assembled in Kenosha, Wisconsin. It is classed as a mid-size car and it has an AMC straight-6 engine.
The generated text is : The Acura TLX is classed as a mid-size car, with a Honda K engine and front-wheel and all-wheel drive. It is assembled in Marysville, Ohio.
The generated text is : The Acura TLX is a luxury vehicle with a V6 front engine design. It is assembled at the Marysville Auto Plant.
The generated text is : The Finnish built Aleksey Chirikov is an icebreaker and currently in service. It was built by the Archtech Helsinki Shipyard and has a ship beam of 21.2m.
The generated text is : The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in Helsinki, Finland. Finland is led by Juha Sipila and the demonym is Finns.
The generated text is : The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in Helsinki by the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard It has a 21.2 m long shipbeam and is in service.
The generated text is : The Alfa Romeo 164 is related to the Lancia Thema and the to the Saab 9000 and in that they are both cars. The Alfa Romeo 164 has a Straight four engine and was assembled in Italy.
The generated text is : The Fiat Croma, Saab 9000 and Alfa Romeo 164 are all cars and therefore are related forms of transportation. The Alfa Romeo 164, has a V6 engine and its assembly line is in Italy.
The generated text is : The Alhambra has a ship beam of 8.3m and is 63800.0 millimetres long. It was launched on 1855-05-31 and had wrecked.
The generated text is : The Alvis Speed 25, which has a petrol engine, was manufactured by the Alvis Car and Engineering Company. The company was founded in Coventry and succeeded by the Rover Co..
The generated text is : The Alvis Speed 25, with its straight-six engine, was made by Coventry area, Alvis Car and Engineering Company, which was succeeded by the Rover Company.
The generated text is : American Motors was succeeded by Eagle and acquired by Chrysler, it includes figure Roy D. Chapin Jr. The AMC Matador is made by American Motors.
The generated text is : General Dynamics Electric Boat is the builder of the American submarine NR-1 and it was launched on January 25th 1969. It's top speed is 8.334 and it has a ship beam of 3.8 m.
The generated text is : The American submarine NR-1, which was launched on The 25th of January 1969, has a top speed of 9.334 km/hr, a ship beam of 3.8m and a length of 45000.0 mms.
The generated text is : The Antares rocket was made by the Yuzhnoye Design Office and launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. It's maiden flight was on 21 April 2013 and the final flight on 28 October 2014.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Aston Martin V8 was made by Aston Martin in the UK whose capital is London. The Martin was succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage.
The generated text is : The Aston Martin RHAM/1, Aston Martin V8 and Aston Martin DBS are a related means of transport. It is assembled in the United Kingdom and has a 5.3 litre engine.
The generated text is : The Aston Martin V8, manufactured by Aston Martin, has a 5.3 litre engine and was succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage. The Aston Martin V8 and Aston Martin DBS are a related means of transport.
The generated text is : The Atlas II, which is 3.04m in diameter, has been launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station and Vandenberg Air Force Base. Its final flight was December 5, 2002.
The generated text is : Audi A1 belongs to the supermini class and is assembled at Audi Brussels. It has a 1.2 litre engine and a front engine, front-wheel drive layout .
The generated text is : August Horch founded Audi, which makes the Audi A1. Audi e-tron is a division of Audi and the company Ducati is owned by them.
The generated text is : Caterpillar Inc was founded in California and is located in Illinois. It powers the AIDAluna which is owned by AIDA Cruises.
The generated text is : The AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft and is operated by AIDA Cruise Line. The AIDAstella is owned by Costa Crociere, who are located in Genoa.
The generated text is : The Delta II originated in the United States and launched from the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. It is similar to the Antares rocket which launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0.
The generated text is : Launched at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station and the Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2 was the Delta II US rocket. The Antares rocket is similar to the Delta.
The generated text is : The Alfa Romeo 164 is a sedan that is assembled in Italy. It is a similar means of transport to the Fiat Croma and also related to the Opel Vectra.
The generated text is : The Alfa Romeo 164, Opel Vectra and Fiat Croma are similar means of transport. The Alfa Romeo 164 is a sedan which was assembled in Milan.
The generated text is : General Dynamics is the parent company of the General Dynamics Electric Boat Co. out of Groton, CT. The GD Electric Boat Co built the American sub called NR-1 which has a 3.8 m beam.
The generated text is : Neptun Werft built the A-Rosa Luna at Rostock Germany where Stanislaw Tillich is leader.
The generated text is : The Atlas II is from the United States, where African Americans are among the ethnic groups. Washington D.C. is the capital city of the United States and English is spoken there.
The generated text is : Americans live in the U.S. whose capital is Washington, D.C. and an ethnic group there is known as African Americans. The Atlas II comes from the U.S.
The generated text is : Aaron Bertram plays for the Kids Imagine Nation band and his musical genre is Ska punk. He also plays for the Suburban Legends band in which Brian Robertson plays the trombone.
The generated text is : Coming from Indianapolis, Indiana, Aaron Deer, has a background as a solo singer and performs Psychedelia music.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner, a singer who performs electroacoustic music, is with the band Isis and has performed with the group Sumac.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner played with Twilight and Old Man Gloom bands.He started performing Post metal in 1995.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner plays electric guitar and his genre is Black Metal music in which Death metal is a fusion. He performed with the band Sumac.
The generated text is : Ace Wilder was born on July 23, 1982 in Stockholm. He is a solo singer.
The generated text is : Singer Ace Wilder was born July 23, 1982 in Sweden.
The generated text is : Solo singer Ace Wilder was born in Stockholm in 1982. He is also a songwriter.
The generated text is : Born in 1982 in Sweden, Ace Wilder is a solo singer and songwriter.
The generated text is : Ahmet Ertegun originates from Washington D.C,United States.He started out as a non performing personnel in the rhythm and blues.
The generated text is : Ahmet Ertegun is from the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. His genre is Rock and roll, which has its stylistic origin in the Blues.
The generated text is : Ending his career in 1950, Albennie Jones was a performer of rhythm and blues. This genre originated from the blues and has disco as a derivative.
The generated text is : Albennie Jones performs jazz music which originated its style from Blues music. Albennie Jones was born in the U.S.A, where on of the ethnic groups, is African Americans.
The generated text is : Pop musician and solo singer Aleksandra Kovač was born 1972, in Belgrade.
The generated text is : Born in the Socialist Republic of Serbia (1972), Aleksandra Kovac, a solo singer, is an exponent of Rhythm and blues.
The generated text is : Acoustic musician Alex Day began in 2006 and is associated with the Chameleon Circuit and Charlie McDonnell.
The generated text is : Alex Day performs electronic music and plays with the band Chameleon Circuit. His active musical years started in 2006 and he is associated with the musical artist, Charlie McDonnell.
The generated text is : Alfred Garth Jones was born in 1872 in Manchester, England and died in London.
The generated text is : Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay. The city's leader is Daniel Martinez and the country's inhabitants are known as Uruguayans.
The generated text is : With a background as a solo singer, Uruguay born Alfredo Zitarrosa was signed to the RCA Records label and performed in the musical genre of Candombe.
The generated text is : Folk musician, Alison O'Donnell; started performing in 1963, was with the band Bajik and was a member of the Flibbertigibbet band.
The generated text is : Alison O'Donnell began performing folk music in 1963. She's been associated with the bands Head South By Weaving and Mellow Candle.
The generated text is : Alison O'Donnell is a jazz musician whose record label is the London-based Deram Records. She is signed to the record label "Floating World Records.".
The generated text is : Previously signed to the record label Fruits de Mer Records, jazz musician, Alison O'Donnell is signed with the London based, record label, Deram Records.
The generated text is : Fort Campbell is the birth place of Allen Forrest, who was born in the year 1981. He is a solo singer who plays acoustic music.
The generated text is : Allen Forrest was born in 1981 in Fort Campbell, KY and raised in Dothan, AL.He was originally a solo singer and performs hip hop music.
The generated text is : Andrew White is associated with the musical artist Marry Banilow and he plays alternative rock. That type of music originated from punk rock. Nu metal music is a fusion of alternative rock music.
The generated text is : Anders Osborne is associated with the musical artists Billy Iuso and Tab Benoit. He is an exponent of rock music and worked with the Galactic band.
The generated text is : Alligator records is based in Chicago and the main genre they deal with is blues. Anders Osborne's record labels are Alligator Records and Shanachie Records.
The generated text is : Anders is a professional Dance-pop music singer.She is a solo singer and was born in Romania.
The generated text is : Andra is a rhythm and blues singer. Originating from blues music, rhythm and blues has funk and disco as derivatives.
The generated text is : In 2009 Andrew Rayel started his music career. He played Trance music. Mr. Rayel is associated with Christian Burns and Jonathan Mendelsohn.
The generated text is : Musicians Jwaydan Moyine and Christian Burns are associated with Andrew Rayel, whose musical genre is trance music, which has its origins in House music.
The generated text is : Andrew White started his musical career in 2003 and is associated with the musical artist, Marry Banilow. He plays for the band Kaiser Chiefs and his genre is alternative rock.
The generated text is : Andrew White, who began his musical career in 2003 and was associated with Marry Banilow, was signed to the now defunct record label Universal Records. He was a member of the band The Kaiser Chiefs.
The generated text is : Agustin Barboza was born in Paraguay which is led by Juan Afra. He died in Asuncion which is part of Gran Asuncion.
The generated text is : Al Anderson (NRBQ band) performs country music and also was a member of the Wildweeds. Banjo is used for Country Music.
The generated text is : Allen Forrest performs hip hop music, which has its stylistic origins in disco and funk. Drum and bass is a derivative of hip hop.
The generated text is : The birthplace of Alfred Garth Jones is Manchester, (part of Greater Manchester), England. In Manchester the Labour Party is in the majority.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner played post-metal music with the Twilight band. He also played with the House of Low Culture. Cello is a post-metal instrument.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner plays electric guitar and played with the band Twilight. Twilight performs black metal music which when part of a musical fusion is called death metal.
The generated text is : Rhythm and blues artist Albennie Jones was born in the United States. R and B originated from the blues and among the ethnic groups in the U.S. are African Americans.
The generated text is : Maine born Aaron S Daggett fought in the American Civil War, was awarded the Purple Heart and died in West Roxbury.
The generated text is : Born in Maine, Aaron S. Daggett fought in the Battle of the Wilderness, awarded the Purple Heart, and died in West Roxbury.
The generated text is : Ab Klink worked at the Ministry of Health, Welfare and Sport in Netherlands, the country where he was born. He was a student of Erasmus University in Rotterdam which is affiliated with the Association of MBAs.
The generated text is : Mirir, Malaysia born Abdul Taib Mahmud, who lives in Kuching, represented the Asajaya region and was a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu.
The generated text is : Abdul Taib Mahmud was born and resided in the Kingdom of Sarawak. He was in the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and represented the Asajaya region.
The generated text is : Japanese occupied, British Borneo, was the birthplace of Adenan Satem, who succeeded Abdul Taib Mahmud. Abdul Taid Mahmud is a member of Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak party and resides in Sarawak.
The generated text is : Abdul Taib Mahmud, who lives in Sarawak, belongs to the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. He was succeeded by Adenan Satem, who was born in the Japanese occupation Of British Borneo.
The generated text is : Abdulsalami Abubakar served in the Nigerian Army and was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President. Oladipo Diya was the predecessor of Mike Akhigbe and Atiku Abubakar was his successor.
The generated text is : Abdulsalami Abubakar was a member of the Nigerian Air Force. He was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President. Oladipo Diya was the predecessor of Mike Akhigbe and Al-Amin Daggash was the successor of Abdulsalami Abubakar.
The generated text is : Abel Caballero, born in Galicia, Spain, served office during Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez' leadership and Juan Carlos I of Spain's Monarchy. Francisco Franco preceded Juan Carlos I.
The generated text is : Abel Caballero was born in Galicia in Spain, is a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party and worked as Minister of Transport.
The generated text is : Abraham A Ribicoff, married to Casey Ribicoff, was born in New Britain, Connecticut which is in the United States, where Native Americans are an ethnic group.
The generated text is : Adam Holloway was born in Kent and his alma mater was Magdalene College, Cambridge. His career began on 5 May 2005 and he fought in the Gulf war.
The generated text is : Adam Koc, a Polish nationalist, fought in the Polish-Soviet War. Joseph Stalin was a commander in that war. The Polish language is used in Poland.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Adonis Georgiadis, who was born in Athens, Greece, served as the Vice President of New Democracy and was later succeeded by Makis Voridis.
The generated text is : Adonis Georgiadis, who was born in Athens Greece worked for the Ministry of Economy, Development and Tourism and his successor was Makis Voridis.
The generated text is : Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens in Greece and before being succeeded by Makis Voridis worked as a member of the Hellenic Parliament.
The generated text is : Emile Roemer is a leader of the Socialist Party in Netherlands of which Agnes Kant is also a member. The country uses the Euro as its currency.
The generated text is : Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands where Mark Rutte is a leader. Kant is also a member of the Socialist Party and worked at the House of Representatives in the Netherlands.
The generated text is : Agnes Kant is from the Netherlands, where the leader is Mark Rutte. Emile Roemer is a member of (and leader of) the Socialist Party in the Netherlands.
The generated text is : Agnes Kant, a Netherland national, is a member of the Socialist Party of the Netherlands which is led by Emile Roemer and uses the colour of red.
The generated text is : Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge in London and started his career on the 30th June 1953. He fought in the Battle of France and ended his career on the 30th March 1979.
The generated text is : Airey Neave, who was born in Knightsbridge, London, fought in the Battle of France. His career lasted only five years beginning March 4th, 1974 and ending on the 30th of the same month in 1979.
The generated text is : Airey Neave served in the Royal Artillery Unit which has a garrison in Hohne. He also participated in World War II where Chiang Kai-shek was a commander.
The generated text is : Albert B. White, who was born in Cleveland an died at Parkersburg, West Virginia was succeeded by William M. O. Dawson who was born in Bloomington Maryland.
The generated text is : Albert B. White was born in Cleveland and his successor was William M.O. Dawson. He started his career on March 4, 1901 and finished it on March 4th 1905.
The generated text is : Born in New York city (where French is one of the languages spoken), Albert Jennings Fountain battled in the American Civil War. The same conflict in which Abraham Lincoln was a commander.
The generated text is : New York City was the birthplace of Albert Jennings and he passed away in Dona Ana County, New Mexico. He fought in the American Civil War and one commander in that war was Jefferson Davis.
The generated text is : Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York on Staten Island and died in New Mexico Territory.
The generated text is : Alberto Teisaire belongs to the Justicialist Party and was in office while Juan Peron was President. Teisaire died in Buenos Aires, where the leader is Horacio Rodríguez Larreta.
The generated text is : Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza in Agentina and he was a Rear Admiral. He worked as a Provisional President of the Argentine Senate and his successor was Isaac Rojas.
The generated text is : Alfred Moore Scales was born in Reidsville, North Carolina, is a member of the Democratic Party in the United States and served as Governor of North Carolina. He was succeeded by Daniel Gould Fowle.
The generated text is : Connecticut born Alfred N Phillips served in the US Army and fought in the Whiskey Rebellion battle. He was later a Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district.
The generated text is : Alfred N. Phillips, born in Connecticut was a member of the United States Democratic Party and worked as a Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from the Connecticut's 4th district. His successor was Albert E. Austin.
The generated text is : Darien, Connecticut is the birthplace of Alfred N. Phillips and he was a member of the United States Democratic Party. He was also the Mayor of Stamford Connecticut and his successor was Albert E. Austin.
The generated text is : U.S. Democratic Party member and Texas Governor, Allan Shivers, was born in Lufkin, Texas. He was succeeded by Price Daniel.
The generated text is : Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin, Texas, and served in the Democratic Party of the US. He worked as the Governor of Texas and was eventually succeeded by Wilfred R Cousins Jr.
The generated text is : Alvah Sabin is from the state of Vermont, which has the largest city of Burlington. Sabin worked as the Secretary of State of Vermont and represented Vermont's 3rd Congressional District.
The generated text is : Alvah Sabin was a member of the Whig Party of the United States and he represented Vermont, whose biggest city is Burlington. Daniel Webster was a leader of the Whig Party in the United States.
The generated text is : The Battle of Gettysburg took place during the American Civil War when Robert E Lee was a commander. Aaron S Daggett fought at the Battle of Gettysburg and was awarded the Purple Heart.
The generated text is : Argentinian, Alberto Teisaire was in office while Juan Peron was President. Perón was a member of the Labour Party in Argentina where the dominant language is Spanish.
The generated text is : Juan Peron was a member of the Labour Party of Argentina and during his Presidency Alberto Teisaire was in office. Teisaire was born in Mendoza in Argentina and was eventually succeeded by Isaac Rojas.
The generated text is : Carnival Corporation & plc is the parent company of Costa Crociere which is the owner of the AIDAstella. The AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft and is operated by AIDA Cruises which is based in Germany.
The generated text is : The AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft and operated by the AIDA Cruise Line. It is 253260.0 millimetres long with a beam of 32.2 metres and a top speed of 38.892 km/h.
The generated text is : The ALCO RS-3 was built by the American Locomotive Company and was produced between May 1950 and August 1956. It has a cylinder count of 12, is 17068.8 (millimetres) in length, and has a four-stroke engine.
The generated text is : The ALCO RS-3, built by the American Locomotive Company, has a V12 cylinder engine and is 17068.8mm long. It was produced from May 1950 to August 1956.
The generated text is : The ALV X-1 originated in the United States where the inhabitants are known as Americans and include the ethnic group of Native Americans. The capital city is Washington DC and the national anthem is the Star Spangled Banner.
The generated text is : The AMC Matador, also known as American Motors Matador, was assembled in Thames, New Zealand. The AMC Matador is a mid-size station wagon with a V8 engine type.
The generated text is : A transport London company called P&O owns the Alhambra ship which contains a Humphrys, Tennant and Dykes power type and has a ship beam of 8.3 m. The ship was built by the Samuda Brothers.
The generated text is : The AMC Matador is manufactured by American Motors, whose subsidiary is The Wheel Horse and successor is Eagle. American Motors was acquired by Chrysler and Roy D Chapin Jr is a key person there.
The generated text is : The American submarine NR-1 which was launched on January 25th 1969 has a top speed of 8.334 km/h. It has a 3.8m ship beam, a draft of 4.6m and measures 45000 mms in length.
The generated text is : The Antares rocket is comparable to the Delta II, which originates from the United States. The launch site of the Antares was the Mid Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0, which is also associated with the rocket Minotaur IV.
The generated text is : The Antares rocket's maiden flight was on the 28th October 2014 and its last flight on 2014-07-13. Its launch site was the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. It is manufactured at the Yuzhnoye Design Office and is 3.9 m in diameter.
The generated text is : The Antares rocket, manufactured by the Yuzhnoye Design Office, was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. At 3.9m in diameter, the Antares rocket had its maiden flight on the 28th October, 2014 and final flight on the 18th of September, 2013.
The generated text is : The Airbus Defence and Space manufactured the Ariane 5 which has a diameter of 5.4 metres. It was launched from the Guiana Space Centre, making its maiden flight on 11 August 2005 and the final flight on 18 December 2009.
The generated text is : The Guiana Space Centre's headquarters are located in French Guiana, it is the location of the ELA-3 launchpad where the Ariane 5 was launched. ELA-3 is operated by Arianespace, which is located in Courcouronnes.
The generated text is : The Aston Martin DBS (later succeeded by the AM Vantage) and the Aston Martin V8 are related means of transport. The latter is assembled at Newport Pagnell by Aston Martin and has a 5.3 litre engine volume.
The generated text is : The Aston Martin RHAM/1, and the Aston Martin DBS are related means of transport to the Aston Martin V8. The latter vehicle is a coupe with a 5.3 litre engine and is assembled at Newport Pagnell.
The generated text is : The Aston Martin V8, suceeded by the the Aston Martin Virage and made n the United Kingdom, led by Elizabeth II. The Vs, the Virage (made by Aston Martin) and the Aston Martin DBS, are related modes of transportation.
The generated text is : The Audi A1 is a hatchback belonging to the supermini class. It has a 1.2 litre engine, a front-engine with front-wheel-drive and is assembled in Brussels, Belgium.
The generated text is : Made by Audi, whose founder is August Horch, is the Audi A1. Subsidiaries of Audi are the Ducati, Audi e-tron and Lamborghini.
The generated text is : The power type of the AIDAluna, owned by AIDA Cruises, is the Caterpillar Inc. engine. Caterpillar, Inc. was founded in California in the U.S. and is located in Peoria, Illinois.
The generated text is : Douglas R. Oberhelman is the key person at Caterpillar Inc which was founded in the United states. The company powers the AIDAluna which is owned by AIDA Cruises located in Rostock.
The generated text is : Douglas R. Oberhelman is a key person at Caterpillar Inc. who provide the power type for the AIDAluna owned by AIDA Cruises. The company was founded in the United States and located in Peoria, Illinois.
The generated text is : The AIDAstella, which was built by Meyer Werft, is operated by AIDA Cruises. It's owner are Costa Crociere who are located in Genoa and a subsidiary of Carnival Corporation & Plc.
The generated text is : Finland is led by Juha Sipila and is home to the Finns. Sami languages are spoken there and the icebreaker ship, Aleksey Chirikov, was built there in the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard.
The generated text is : The builder of the A-Rosa is Neptun Werft whose HQ is in Rostock, Germany. Berlin is the capital in that country and Joachim Gauck is the name of one of its leaders.
The generated text is : The A Rosa Luna was built on the Neptun Werft which is found in Rostock, Germany. Berlin is its capital and Andreas Vosskuhle is one leader there.
The generated text is : The United States, has a capital city of Washington D.C., it's inhabitants are known as Americans and an ethnic group that lives there are Native Americans. The language of the US is English and it is the creator of the Atlas II.
The generated text is : Abel Hernandez is a member of Penarol's youth club and the club is managed by Jorge Orosmán da Silva. US Citta di Palermo and the Central Espanol are also Mr. Hernandez's clubs. The latter club is part of the Uruguayan Segunda División league.
The generated text is : Former Soviet Union international footballer Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia, where the leader is Valentina Matviyenko. FC Torpedo Moscow, managed by Valery Petrakov, once signed Aleksandr Chumakov.
The generated text is : Aleksandre Guruli played for the Olympique Lyonnais club who play their home games at the Parc Olympique Lyonnais and have the chairman, Jean-Michel Aulas. His current club is FC Karpaty Lviv managed by Oleh Luzhny.
The generated text is : Defender Alessio Romagnoli, whose former clubs include UC Sampdoria, has played for the Serie A side AC Milan, which is managed by Siniša Mihajlović.
The generated text is : Alessio Romagnoli is a member of the Italian national under 17 football team and has represented the club U.C. Sampdoria. He is presently with the AC Milan that is managed by Siniša Mihajlović and whose chairman is Silvio Berlusconi.
The generated text is : Central Español, where Abel Hernandez played youth football, are part of the Uruguayan Segunda División league. Hernández has represented Uruguay at international level and also played for the club U.S. Città di Palermo, where the manager is Giuseppe Iachini.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow who have their home ground at Otkrytiye Arena and are chaired by Sergey Rodionov. He also plays for FC Amkar Perm under the management of Gadzhi Gadzhiyev.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prydnikov belongs to FC Terek Grozny, which is managed by Rashid Rakhimov, and has its grounds at Grozny. Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow, which includes chairman Sergey Rodionov.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudnikov once played for FC Spartak Moscow's youth team but now plays for the FC Dynamo Moscow and the FC Terek Grozny out of Grozny. The FC Terek Grozny sees a manager in Rashid Rakhimov.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Chumakov was born in the Soviet Union and was a member of the Soviet Union national football team. He has also played for FC Torpedo Moscow who are managed by Valery Petrakov and participated in the 2014-15 Russian Premier League.
The generated text is : Akeem Adams is a member of the United Petrotrin F.C. club and also Ferencvarosi TC. The latter club, whose ground is Palo Seco, is chaired by Gabor Kubatov and managed by Thomas Doll.
The generated text is : Akeem Adams belongs to Ferencvárosi TC, which is managed by Thomas Doll and includes chairman Gábor Kubatov. He has played for United Petrotrin F.C., who play in Palo Seco Velodrome.
The generated text is : The epoch of 19255 1994 VK8, which has a mass of 5.6 kilograms is December 31st, 2006. Its orbital period is 8,788,850,000 kilometres, with a periapsis of 6,155,910,000,000 kilometres and an apoapsis of 6,603,633,000 kilometres.
The generated text is : 101 Helena was discovered by the Canadian James Craig Watson on August 15th 1868. Mr Watson, who studied at the University of Michigan, died in Madison, Wisconsin.
The generated text is : 101 Helena was discovered by James Craig Watson who originated from Canada and graduated from the University of Michigan. He later died of peritonitis in Madison, Wisconsin.
The generated text is : Walter Baade, who had a doctoral student named Allan Sandage, was born in the German Empire and graduated from the University of Gottingen. He discovered 1036 Ganymed and later died in Gottingen.
The generated text is : Walter Baade, born in the German Empire and graduate of the University of Gottingen, discovered 1036 Ganymed. Halton Arp and Allan Sandage were doctoral students of Walter Baade.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : James Craig Watson, a Canadian who attended the University of Michigan, discovered 103 Hera on Sept. 7, 1868. He died in Madison, Wisconsin.
The generated text is : 103 Hera was discovered by James Craig Watson, a Canadian who studied at the University of Michigan and died in Madison, Wisconsin. Its periapsis is 371240000.0km.
The generated text is : B. Zellner was the discoverer of 107 Camilla that has an orbital period of 2368.05 days. It's epoch is Dec. 31, 2006. The celestial body has a periapsis of 479343000.0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 560937000.0 km.
The generated text is : 107 Camilla, epoch date 31 December 2006, was discovered by C Woods and has an orbital period of 2368.05 days. The apoapsis and periapsis measurements are 560937000.0 km and 479343000.0 km respectively.
The generated text is : 107 Camilla, which has an epoch date of December 31st 2006, was discovered by F. Vilas. Its orbital period is 2,368.05 days, its periapsis is 479,343,000 kilometres and has an apoapsis of 560,937,000 kilometres.
The generated text is : N. R. Pogson was born in Nottingham in the U.K. and died in Chennai. He discovered 107 Camilla which has an absolute magnitude of 7.08.
The generated text is : 1089 Tama was formerly known as A919 HA; 1927 WB, has an epoch of November 26th, 2005 and an orbit of 1,202.846 days. Its escape velocity is .0068 kilometres a second and it has an apoapsis of 373,513,000 kilometres.
The generated text is : The epoch of 1101 Clematis is on the 31st of July 2016 and it has a mass of 5.7 kilos. The orbital period for 1101 Clematis is 183309000.0, has an apoapsis of 520906000.0 kilometres, and an escape velocity of 0.02 kilometres per second.
The generated text is : 11264 Claudiomaccone has the epoch date of 26 November 2005,its temperature is 173.0 kelvins and has an orbital period of 1513.722 days.It has a periapsis of 296521000.0 kilometres and its apoapsis is 475426000 kms.
The generated text is : Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri, Malaysia, on May 21st 1936 and lives in Kuching. He represented Asajaya and was a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu.
The generated text is : Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and lives in Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching, Sarawak. He is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and was succeeded by the University of Adelaide educated Adenan Satem.
The generated text is : Abdulsalami Abubakar ended his career on 1999-05-29, having been in office while Mike Akhigbe was the Vice President. Oladipo Diya was predecessor to Mike Akhigbe, who belonged to the Nigerian Navy branch of the Military and his successor was Atiku Abubakar.
The generated text is : Abdulsalami Abubakar, who served in the Nigerian Army, ended his career on May 29th, 1999 and served in office while Mike Akhigbe was the Vice President. Akhigbe succeeded Oladipo Diya while Olusegun Obasanjo took over from Abubaka when he left office.
The generated text is : Abraham A Ribicoff was an American National born in Connecticut. He was a member of the United States Democratic Party and held the office of Governor of Connecticut before he died in the US.
The generated text is : Abraham A. Ribicoff who was born in Connecticut, United States, worked as the United States Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare and he was a member of the Democratic Party in the United States. He died in New York City.
The generated text is : Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in Connecticut. He was married to Casey Ribicoff. He was also a national to the United States and he died in New York. The Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.
The generated text is : Gravesham Parliament member and Magdalene College Cambridge alum Adam Holloway, was born in Kent. A Grenadier Guard, he began his career 05/05/2005.
The generated text is : Englishman Adam Holloway, born in Faversham, Kent and having attended Magdalene College in Cambridge, then joined the Grenadier Guards. He is a member of the UK Conservative Party and began his political career on 5th May 2005.
The generated text is : Adonis Georgiadis, was born in Athens, Greece and was succeeded by Makis Voridis. Adonis Georgiadis, was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister. Antonis Samaras was in office while Konstantinos Mitsotakis was Prime Minister.
The generated text is : Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands, where the leader is, Mark Rutte.Agnes Kant worked at the House of Representatives in the Netherlands. Emile Roemer is leader and member of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands.
The generated text is : Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands which is led by Mark Rutte. She was a resident of Doesburg and worked at the House of Representatives which is led by Khadija Arib.
The generated text is : Agnes Kant of Netherlands lives in Doesburg. Mark Rutte is leader of the country and one of its political parties is the Socialist Party which is led by Emile Roemer.
The generated text is : Born on the 22nd of September, 1856, Albert B White died at Parkersburg, West Virginia on 1941-07-03.
The generated text is : Cleveland born Albert B White, whose wife was Agnes Ward White, died in Parkersburg, West Virginia. He was succeeded by William M O Dawson, who was born in Bloomington, Maryland.
The generated text is : Albert B White was born in Cleveland and was married to Agnes Ward White. He worked as the Governor of West Virginia and finished his career on 4 March 1905 being succeeded by William M O Dawson.
The generated text is : Succeeded by William M. O. Dawson, Albert B. White was born in Cleveland and was a member of the Republican Party in the United States. Albert B. White started his career on March 4, 1901 and finished his career on March 4th 1905.
The generated text is : Alberto Teisaire was in office while Labour Party member Juan Peron, who was married to Eva Peron, was President of Argentina. Teisaire died in Buenos Aires whose leader is Horacio Rodríguez Larreta.
The generated text is : Born on 1891-05-20, born in Mendoza, Argentina, Alberto Teisaire, was a Rear Admiral by profession. He worked as the Provisional President of the Argentine Senate and his successor was Isaac Rojas.
The generated text is : Alfons Gorbach's place of birth was the state, Tyrol, in Austria. He was a politician from the Austrian People's Party, who died in Graz, in Styria.
The generated text is : Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst in Tyrol and died in Graz in Styria. He was a politician from the Austrian People's Party.
The generated text is : Alvah Sabin represented Vermont's 3rd Congressional District and his career ended on March 3rd 1857. He was from Vermont, where the largest city is Burlington and he died in Sycamore, Illinois.
The generated text is : Burlington is the largest city in Vermont, where Alvah Sabin was born. He represented Vermont's 3rd Congressional District and died in Sycamore, Illinois.
The generated text is : Native Americans are the ethnic group in the United States. Alfred Moore Scales lived in the United States and involved in was the Battle of Gettysburg. The Battle of Gettysburg was part of the American Civil War conflict, during which, one of the commanders was Jefferson Davis.
The generated text is : Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States, Alfred Moore Scales's country. Alfred Moore Scales took part in the Siege of Petersburg, which occurred during the American Civil War. Jefferson Davis was a commander in the American Civil War.
The generated text is : Argentina's Labour Party President Juan Peron was married to Eva Peron. Argentina is Spanish speaking and home to Alberto Teisaire (in office during Peron's leadership).
The generated text is : Aaron Bertram plays for the Kids Imagine Nation and the Suburban Legends bands, where he performs ska punk music, a form of punk rock. Brian Robertson, a trombonist, is a band member of Suburban Legends.
The generated text is : Aaron Deer comes from Indiana, having been born in the United States. He is a solo singer/ performer of the musical genre indie rock, and is an artist for the Wee Giant band.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner came from the U.S. He is a Black metal musician who started performing in 1995. He plays in the Lotus Eaters band having previously performed with Old Man Gloom.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner is from Massachusetts. He is a musician who loves Sludge metal and played with the band Twilight as well as the Lotus Eater's Band, in 1995.
The generated text is : Abradab was born in Katowice, Poland on 12 November 1978. He is associated with the rapper Magik and played with the Kaliber 44 band.
The generated text is : Solo singer Ace Wilder was born on July 23, 1982 in the country of Sweden.
The generated text is : Ace Wilder was born in Stockholm on July 23, 1982. He is a songwriter with a background as a solo singer.
The generated text is : Ace Wilder is a hip hop musician. Hip hop originates from funk and disco. Gangsta rap is a sub genre of hip hop and drum and bass is a derivative of it.
The generated text is : Hip hop musician Ace Wilder was born in Sweden. Hip hop has its origins in Funk and disco while being an influence on Drum and Bass.
The generated text is : Musician Al Anderson was born in Windsor Connecticut and began his career in 1966. He was a member of the band The Wildweeds and is now part of the rock group NRBQ.
The generated text is : Al Anderson is a guitarist and rock musician with the band NRBQ. Rock originates from country music and is an influence on the fusion style of Bhangra.
The generated text is : Alan Frew is from Coatbridge, Newmarket, Ontario, Canada and he is a musician and solo singer.
The generated text is : Pop music solo singer Aleksandra Kovač was born 1972, in the Socialist Republic of Serbia. Disco is a fusion of pop music.
The generated text is : Rhythm and blues singer Aleksandra Kovač, began her career circa 1990 and is a member of the duo K2, with Kornelije Kovač.
The generated text is : Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, England in the United Kingdom in 1872. He died in London.
The generated text is : Alfred Garth Jones was Sidcup was born in Manchester and died, in Boris Johnson and European Parliament led, Sidcup, London.
The generated text is : Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester and passed away in Sidcup,London.The Labour Party is the leader of Manchester.The European parliament is the leader of London.
The generated text is : Ireland folk musician Alison O'Donnell is signed to Floating World Records and became active in 1963. She is associated with the Flibbertigibbet band and Mellow Candle.
The generated text is : Funk is derived from jazz music as performed by Alison O Donnell. She is signed with the record label Stanyan Records and also Deram Records which is based in London.
The generated text is : Alison O'Donnell, who plays the autoharp, is a performer of jazz, which has its origins on folk music. Jazz has a derivative called funk and a fusion genre named Afrobeat.
The generated text is : Jazz singer Alison O'Donnell plays the bodhran, percussion and autoharp. Jazz derives from funk and blues while being an influence on funk and Afrobeat fusion.
The generated text is : Allen Forrest was born in Fort Campbell, Dothan, Alabama in 1981. He plays acoustic music and has a background as a solo singer.
The generated text is : Anders Osborne, a rock musician, started performing in 1989 and has worked with Galactic and Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars band. Mr. Osborne is associated with Billy Iuso.
The generated text is : Anders Osborne began his Blues musical career in 1989 and has worked with Galactic, Tab Benoit and Billy Iuso.
The generated text is : Andra is a dance-pop singer who was born in Campia, Turzii in 1986. She began her career as a solo singer and makes her living as a singer and reality television judge.
The generated text is : The singer Andra was born in Romania in 1986 and performs rhythm and blues as a solo artist.
The generated text is : Andrew Rayel is associated with a number of musical artists, these include: Armin Van Buuren, Bobina, Mark Sixma, Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano, Alexandre Bergheau, Jonny Rose, Sylvia Tosun, Lira Yin, and Alexandra Badoi. His musical genre is Trance music which has its stylistic origins in pop.
The generated text is : Andrew Rayel was born in Chisinau Moldova. He's an associate of Armin van Buuren and Christian Burns. Mr Rayel's musical genre is Trance which he started in 2009.
The generated text is : Andrew Rayel was born in Chisinau, Moldova and began his Trance Music career in 2009. He is associated with jwaydan Moyine and Bobina.
The generated text is : String instrumentalist Andrew Rayel, who performs Trance music, is associated with Christian Burns and Jwaydan Moyine, the latter of which has worked with the musical artist John Digweed.
The generated text is : B-Unique Records and Polydor Records artist Andrew White began in 2003 and is associated with the Kaiser Chiefs and artist Marry Banilow.
The generated text is : Allen Forrest was born in Fort Campbell and is a hip hop musician. Hip hop originates from funk and disco and was derived into drum and bass music.
The generated text is : Allen Forrest was born in 1981 and plays Hip Hop music. Hip hop originated from disco and funk musics. Drum and bass gets its sounds from hip hop.
The generated text is : Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, where the Labour party is in the majority and died in Sidcup, London. Parliament of the United Kingdom is the leader of London.
The generated text is : Agustin Barboza was born in Asuncion, Paraguay where the people speak Spanish. Juan Afara leads the country and an ethnic group in Paraguay are the Mestizo people.
The generated text is : Musician Andrew White, is signed to the record label B-Unique Records and is signed to the London based, record label, Polydor Records. His genre is alternative rock, the fusion genre of which, is Nu metal.
The generated text is : Andrew White is an alternative rock musician with Polydor Records and was once with Universal Records. Polydor Records is in London. Nu metal is a fusion of alternative rock sounds.
The generated text is : Al Anderson plays the guitar for rock band NRBQ. Rock comes from country music which originates from blues. Bhangra music is a musical fusion of rock music.
The generated text is : The banjo is a staple of country music, the origin of rock, which is also inspired by the Blues. Rock lends itself to bhangra and is the style of Al Anderson and NRBQ.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner plays electric guitar and played with the black metal Twilight band and the Old Man Gloom band. A fusion of black metal is called Death metal.
