The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Abilene, Texas is served by the Abilene regional airport.
The generated text is : Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport can be found in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas.
The generated text is : The runway name of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is 18L/36R.
The generated text is : Afonso Pena International Airport ICAO Location Idenitifier is SBCT.
The generated text is : Afonso Pena International Airport serves the city of Curitiba.
The generated text is : The Al Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah.
The generated text is : The runway length of Al-Taqaddum Air Base is 3684.0.
The generated text is : Alderney Airport runway name is 14/32.
The generated text is : The runway length at Allama Iqbal International Airport is 3,360.12.
The generated text is : The first runway at Amsterdam's Schiphol Airport is known as Number 18.
The generated text is : The 5th runway at Amsterdam airport Schiphol has an asphalt surfacing.
The generated text is : Amsterdam Airport Schiphol runway name is 06/24 Kaagbaan.
The generated text is : Andrews County Airport is 973 metres above sea level.
The generated text is : The Andrews County Airport is owned by Andrews County, Texas.
The generated text is : The runway length of Andrews County Airport is 896.
The generated text is : Angola International Airport is the first runway made of asphalt.
The generated text is : Antwerp International Airport is 12 metres above sea level.
The generated text is : The Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish Government.
The generated text is : The runway length of Appleton International Airport is 2,439.
The generated text is : Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) runway length is 518.0.
The generated text is : UTAA is the ICAO Location Identifier of Ashgabat International Airport.
The generated text is : The runway name of Ashgabat International Airport is 11/29.
The generated text is : Atlantic City International Airport owner is South Jersey Transportation Authority.
The generated text is : The name of the runway at Atlantic City International Airport is "13/31".
The generated text is : The Dutch language is spoken in Belgium.
The generated text is : Curitiba is part of the South Region, Brazil.
The generated text is : Denmark demonym is Danes.
The generated text is : Fallujah is in the country of Iraq.
The generated text is : Greenville, Wisconsin is in the U.S.A.
The generated text is : Greenville, Wisconsin is part of Grand Chute, Wisconsin.
The generated text is : Iraq language is Arabic.
The generated text is : Madrid is in the country of Spain.
The generated text is : Maple Ridge Township in Alpena County, Michigan is part of the United States.
The generated text is : The leader of Pakistan is Sardar Ayaz Sadiq.
The generated text is : New Jersey is a region served by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey.
The generated text is : Houston is the largest city in Texas.
The generated text is : The USAF was involved in the 1986 bombing of Libya.
The generated text is : The United States Air Force has a Boeing C-17 Globemaster III transport aircraft.
The generated text is : The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in the year 2000.
The generated text is : To the southeast of Adams County, Pennsylvania lies Carroll County, Maryland.
The generated text is : Artur Rasizade was an Azerbaijan leader.
The generated text is : Prime Minister of Azerbaijan is the official title of the leader of Azerbaijan.
The generated text is : The Native name of the Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is "Türk Sehitleri Aniti".
The generated text is : 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa.
The generated text is : 250 Delaware Avenue has the Postmodern style of architecture.
The generated text is : 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago.
The generated text is : George Winkler was the architect of 320 South Boston Building.
The generated text is : The building of 320 South Boston Building started in 1910.
The generated text is : The AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen has 814 rooms.
The generated text is : The architects James Pain and George Richard Pain designed Adare Manor,.
The generated text is : Adisham Hall is located in Haputale.
The generated text is : Akita Museum of Art is located in Japan.
The generated text is : The College of William and Mary is the owner of the Alan B. Miller Hall.
The generated text is : The address for Amdavad ni Gufa is Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, near CEPT University, opp. Gujarat University, University Road.
The generated text is : Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House has the reference number 88002539 in the National Register of Historic Places.
The generated text is : Julia Morgan was the architect of the grounds of Asilomar Conference.
The generated text is : Asilomar Conference Grounds is designed based on the architecture style of "Arts and Crafts Movement and American craftsman Bungalows".
The generated text is : The Asilomar Conference Grounds were constructed in 1913.
The generated text is : Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City.
The generated text is : Buffalo New York is part of Erie County New York.
The generated text is : The leader of Buffalo, New York is Byron Brown.
The generated text is : County Limerick is a part of Munster.
The generated text is : Críona Ní Dhálaigh was Lord Mayor of Dublin.
The generated text is : Mulatu Teshome is an Ethiopian leader.
The generated text is : The demonym for people living in India is Indian.
The generated text is : Julia Morgan has designed many significant buildings, including the Los Angeles Herald Examiner building.
The generated text is : Live Nation Entertainment is located at Beverly Hills, California.
The generated text is : Manhattan is part of New York.
The generated text is : New York City is a part of New Netherland.
The generated text is : Pacific Grove, California is part of California.
The generated text is : The white South Africans are an ethnic group of South Africa.
The generated text is : A leader in the United Kingdom is Elizabeth 11.
The generated text is : The ISBN number of 1634: The Ram Rebellion is 1-4165-2060-0.
The generated text is : Eric Flint is the author of 1634: The Ram Rebellion.
The generated text is : 1634: The Ram Rebellion was published in print.
The generated text is : The AIDS journal was published in the United Kingdom.
The generated text is : A Glastonbury Romance has the OCLC number 76798317.
The generated text is : "A Glastonbury Romance " can be found in hardcover.
The generated text is : A Long Long Way is written in the English language.
The generated text is : Diane Duane wrote A Wizard of Mars.
The generated text is : The Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg ISSN number is "0025-5858".
The generated text is : Garth Nix is the author of Above the Veil.
The generated text is : Above the Veil was produced in Print.
The generated text is : Acta Palaeontologica Polonica has the ISSN number 0567-7920.
The generated text is : The journal Addiction has the LCCN number 93645978.
The generated text is : Addiction journal is about addiction.
The generated text is : Aenir is written in English.
The generated text is : Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from The United States.
The generated text is : The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English.
The generated text is : The American Journal of Mathematics studies mathematics.
The generated text is : The novel "Castle" is written in English.
The generated text is : Burbank California is the birth place of Eric Flint.
The generated text is : Macmillan publishers are the parent company of Farrar, Straus and Giroux.
The generated text is : A Glastonbury Romance is John Cowper Powys notable work.
The generated text is : The Soho Press is located in the U.S.
The generated text is : The Secret Scripture is published by Faber and Faber.
The generated text is : The United States has an ethnic group called Asian Americans.
The generated text is : English is the language of the United States.
The generated text is : A Glastonbury Romance preceded Weymouth Sands.
The generated text is : Rolando Maran has managed AC Chievo Verona.
The generated text is : A D Isidro Metapán play in a league called the Salvadoran Primera Division.
The generated text is : AFC Blackpool has the full name "Association Football Club Blackpool".
The generated text is : A.F.C. Blackpool's ground is The Mechanics.
The generated text is : A.F.C. Blackpool is in Blackpool.
The generated text is : The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is in Gubbio.
The generated text is : The A.S. Gubbio 1910 has 5300 members.
The generated text is : AEK Athens F.C.'s ground is in Athens.
The generated text is : AEK Athens FC played the 2014-2015 season in the Football League (Greece).
The generated text is : The AZAL Arena is in Baku.
The generated text is : AZAL PFK play in the Azerbaijan Premier League.
The generated text is : AZ Alkmaar played in the Eredivisie in 2014-15.
The generated text is : Akron, Ohio is in the U.S.
The generated text is : Akron is located in Summit County, Ohio.
The generated text is : The full name of Akron Summit Assault is ''Akron Metro Futbol Club Summit Assault.
The generated text is : Amsterdam's leader is Eberhard van der Laan.
The generated text is : Christian Panucci has played for Chelsea FC.
The generated text is : Christian Panucci plays for Inter Milan.
The generated text is : Frank de Boer once played football for FC Barcelona.
The generated text is : Gubbio is in the region of Umbria.
The generated text is : Italy's leader is Sergio Mattarella.
The generated text is : Jens Härtel has represented the club FC Sachsen Leipzig.
The generated text is : Jorge Humberto Rodríguez is a member of the club FC Dallas.
The generated text is : Luciano Spalletti played for Udinese Calcio.
The generated text is : Massimo Drago played for A.S.D. S.S. Nola 1925.
The generated text is : Michele Marcolini has played for Atalanta BC.
The generated text is : Michele Marcolini played for Vicenza Calcio.
The generated text is : Peter Stöger was once a player for 1. FC Köln.
The generated text is : Rolando Maran has worked at FC Bari 1908.
The generated text is : Jong Ajax are the tenants of the De Toekomst Sportpark.
The generated text is : St. Vincent-St.Mary High School is in the United States.
The generated text is : The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in the state of Alba.
The generated text is : The President of Acharya Institute of Technology is B. M. Reddy.
The generated text is : The northwest border to Kerala is Mahe in India.
The generated text is : Mendrisio and Meride are neighboring Municipalities.
The generated text is : The capital of Romania is Bucharest.
The generated text is : Thomas Pallesen is the dean of Aarhus University School of Business and Social Sciences .
The generated text is : The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University has 16000 students.
The generated text is : The nationality of Alan Bean is United States.
The generated text is : Buzz Aldrin was a backup pilot on the Apollo 8 mission.
The generated text is : Buzz Aldrin graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology with a Sc.D in 1963.
The generated text is : Buzz Aldrin was a crew member of Apollo 11.
The generated text is : NASA selected Buzz Aldrin in 1963.
The generated text is : The gemstone of California is Benitoite.
The generated text is : Elliot See died on 28 February, 1966.
The generated text is : Elliot See died in St. Louis.
The generated text is : Elliot See is dead.
The generated text is : April O'Neil was created by Kevin Eastman.
The generated text is : Bananaman is broadcast by the BBC.
The generated text is : Ben Urich's full name is actually Benjamin Urich.
The generated text is : Jerry Ordway is the creator of Bibbo Bibbowski.
The generated text is : Bo Bibbowski is the full name of Bibbo Bibbowski.
The generated text is : Bill Oddie was born in Lancashire.
The generated text is : The Black Pirate is also known as Jon Valor.
The generated text is : John Buscema won the Eisner Award.
The generated text is : Karl Kesel's nationality is American.
The generated text is : Marv Wolfman has won the Kirby Award.
The generated text is : Peter Laird is a United States national.
The generated text is : Scott Adsit was born in Northbrook, Illinois.
The generated text is : The area code for Albany, Georgia is 229.
The generated text is : Albany Oregon is part of the U.S.
The generated text is : The Mayor is the leader in Albuquerque, N.M.
The generated text is : The New Mexico House of Representatives, is what the leader in Albuquerque (New Mexico), is called.
The generated text is : The New Mexico Senate leads Albuquerque in New Mexico.
The generated text is : The total area of Amarillo Texas is 233.9 SqKm.
The generated text is : Amarillo Texas is part of Randall County, Texas.
The generated text is : Anderson is within Richland Township, Madison County, Indiana.
The generated text is : Angola, in Indiana, has an elevation of 324.0 metres above sea level.
The generated text is : 925 is the area code of Antioch, in California.
The generated text is : Antioch, is part of Contra Costa County in California.
The generated text is : Arlington, Texas, has a population density, of 1472.0 inhabitants per square kilometre.
The generated text is : Kasim Reed is the leader in Atlanta.
The generated text is : Atlantic City, New Jersey has a total area of 44.125 (square kilometres).
The generated text is : Atlantic City is part of New Jersey.
The generated text is : Attica, in Indiana is 166.0 above sea level.
The generated text is : Auburn is part of Lee County in Alabama.
The generated text is : Auburn (Washington) has a total area of 77.4 square kilometres.
The generated text is : Austin is located in Texas.
The generated text is : Spanish is spoken in California.
The generated text is : Dunwoody is the largest city in DeKalb County, Georgia.
The generated text is : Fulton County is in Georgia, in the United States.
The generated text is : Anderson is the county seat of Madison County, which is in Indiana.
The generated text is : Michigan is in the United states.
The generated text is : Detroit is the largest city in Michigan.
The generated text is : Orange County is in California, in the United States.
The generated text is : Portland is the largest city in Oregon.
The generated text is : Fort Worth, Tarrant County is the largest city in Texas.
The generated text is : Barack Obama is the leader of the United States.
The generated text is : The United States House of representatives, is located in the United States Capitol.
The generated text is : An ingredient of amatriciana sauce is pecorino romano.
The generated text is : An important ingredient in arrabbiata sauce is chili pepper.
The generated text is : Arros negre contains white rice as an ingredient.
The generated text is : Arros negre is from the region of Catalonia.
The generated text is : Arros negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community.
The generated text is : Ayam penyet is a dish from the region of Singapore.
The generated text is : Tomato is an ingredient in a BLT.
The generated text is : Baked Alaska is served in the region of Hong Kong.
The generated text is : Bakewell pudding can be served either warm or cold.
The generated text is : Bandeja paisa is a dish from Colombian cuisine.
The generated text is : Chicharrón is one of the ingredients in Bandeja paisa.
The generated text is : Bandeja paisa originates from the Paisa region.
The generated text is : Barny cakes can be served in 30 gram sizes.
The generated text is : Batagor and shumai are variations on the same dish.
The generated text is : A batagor consists of a fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce.
The generated text is : Shrimp is an ingredient in Batchoy.
The generated text is : Beef kway teow is a food found in Indonesia.
The generated text is : Bhaji and bajji are alternative names for Bhajji.
The generated text is : Binignit is an ingredient found in taro.
The generated text is : Bionico can be varied by using cottage cheese.
The generated text is : Bionico is found in the region of Jalisco.
The generated text is : Chicken is a type of bird.
The generated text is : The currency of India is the Indian rupee.
The generated text is : Sumitra Mahajan is a leader in India.
The generated text is : Indonesian language is the language spoken in Indonesia.
The generated text is : Aristoteles Sandoval is a leader of Jalisco.
The generated text is : The Banyumasan people are an ethnic group from Java.
The generated text is : Malay is the ethnic group of Malaysia.
The generated text is : The leader of Mexico is Silvano Aureoles Conejo.
The generated text is : Spanish language is one of the languages spoken in New York.
The generated text is : China is the country Shumai comes from.
The generated text is : Peanut sauce is an ingredient in Siomay.
The generated text is : Malays are an ethnic group of Sumatra.
The generated text is : David Cameron is the leader of the United Kingdom.
The generated text is : The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is categorized as a Contributing Property and was established in 2000.
The generated text is : The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is near Frederick, Maryland in the district of the Monocacy National Battlefield.
The generated text is : The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial, located in Azerbaijan, is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku.
The generated text is : The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial, which native name is Türk Şehitleri Anıtı, has been dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku.
The generated text is : African Americans are an ethnic group in the US, where Akron, Ohio is located.
The generated text is : Albany is part of Oregon where Salem is the capital.
The generated text is : The leader for Albuquerque, New Mexico in the United States is the United States House of Representatives.
The generated text is : Amarillo is part of Texas in the United States.
The generated text is : California is home to Anaheim, which is led by the United States House of Representatives.
The generated text is : Anaheim is in Orange County, California, in the United States.
The generated text is : Anderson is part of Adams Township, Madison County, Indiana, in the United States.
The generated text is : Antioch, California is 13.0 metres above sea level and has a total area of 75.324 sq km.
The generated text is : Arlington in Texas is located at 184.0 metres above sea level and has a total area of 258.2 square kilometres.
The generated text is : Arlington is part of Texas, in the U.S.
The generated text is : Atlanta is part of Georgia in the U.S.
The generated text is : Atlantic City is part of Atlantic County, New Jersey, in the United States.
The generated text is : Atlantic City, New Jersey is in the United States, the capital of which is Washington DC.
The generated text is : Atlantic City is located in Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States.
The generated text is : With a total area of 44.125 square kilometres, Atlantic City (in New Jersey), has a population density of 1421.2 inhabitants per square kilometre.
The generated text is : Auburn is part of Pierce County, Washington, United States.
The generated text is : Albany, Oregon is part of the United States, where Washington, D.C. is the capital.
The generated text is : Amarillo is in Texas, in the United States, the capital of which is Washington, D.C.
The generated text is : Albuquerque, New Mexico is in the United States, where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
The generated text is : The Native Americans are an ethnic group within the United States, the country where Albany, Georgia is located.
The generated text is : Auburn, Alabama is located in the United States, a country where one of the ethnic groups are Native Americans.
The generated text is : The country of Akron, Ohio, is United States, where English is the language spoken.
The generated text is : Albuquerque, New Mexico is in the United States, where the leader of the country is called the President of the United States.
The generated text is : Amatriciana sauce is made with tomatoes. It is a traditional Italian sauce.
The generated text is : Arem-arem is a food found in Indonesia where Jusuf Kalla is the leader.
The generated text is : Arrabbiata sauce can be found in Italy where the Italian language is spoken.
The generated text is : Sergio Mattarella is a leader in Italy, where Arrabbiata sauce is a traditional dish.
The generated text is : Arrabbiata is an Italian sauce that contains chili pepper.
The generated text is : Arros negre is a traditional Spanish dish and comes from the region of the Valencian Community.
The generated text is : A dish popular in Indonesia is asam pedas which is made from fish cooked in hot and sour sauce.
The generated text is : Ayam penyet is from Indonesia and is a popular dish in Malaysia.
The generated text is : A bacon sandwich can be called a BLT which is a variation of a Club Sandwich.
The generated text is : Sausage is an ingredient of a bacon explosion but the main ingredient is bacon.
The generated text is : A bacon sandwich - which can also be known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin - has the ingredient bacon.
The generated text is : A bacon sandwich can be transformed into a BLT which has an ingredient widely found called bread.
The generated text is : Baked Alaska comes from the country of France and one of the ingredients is sponge cake.
The generated text is : Baked Alaska comes from the country of France where Manuel Valls is the leader.
The generated text is : Meringue is one of the main ingredients of a Baked Alaska, Baked Alaska originates from the United States.
The generated text is : Fruit preservatives is an ingredient in bakewell tarts which are a variant of bakewell pudding.
The generated text is : Vermicelli is an ingredient of the dish Bakso which comes from Indonesia.
The generated text is : Celery is a member of the Apiaceae family and is an ingredient of Bakso.
The generated text is : An ingredient found in Bandeja paisa (typical Colombian cuisine) is Chicharrón.
The generated text is : The country Barny Cakes come from is France where the leader is Claude Bartolone.
The generated text is : Peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which is found in Indonesia.
The generated text is : Batagor has peanut sauce as an ingredient and is a variation of the Siomay dish.
The generated text is : Beef kway teow is a dish from the country of Singapore that had palm sugar as an ingredient.
The generated text is : Beef kway teow is a popular dish from Singapore and Halimah Yacob is it's leader.
The generated text is : The main ingredients in Beef Kway Teow made in Singapore and Indonesia are kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
The generated text is : Bhajji comes from the country India, where Indians live.
The generated text is : Bhajji's come from India where T.S. Thakur is the leader.
The generated text is : The Igorot people are one of the ethnic groups in the Philippines where the binignit dish can be found.
The generated text is : Binignit comes from the Philippines and has banana as the main ingredient.
The generated text is : The main ingredients of binignit are sweet potatoes and banana.
The generated text is : Mexico (led by Enrique Pena Nieto) boasts the dish Bionico.
The generated text is : Bionico requires granola as one of its ingredients and can be found in Guadalajara.
The generated text is : Bionico is served at the dessert course, as would cake be as a variation.
The generated text is : Indonesia, where Joko Widodo is the leader, is also where Bakso comes from.
The generated text is : A variation of Shumai includes Batagor which features the ingredient Shiitake.
The generated text is : Aarhus Airport, operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A/S, has a runway length of 2777.0.
The generated text is : Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport at Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas is 610 metres above sea level..
The generated text is : Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastian de los Reyes and Alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500.
The generated text is : Agra Airport is in Uttar Pradesh, Awadh.
The generated text is : The Al Asad Airbase is situated in the Al Anbar Province, Iraq and has a runway length of 3090.0.
The generated text is : Al Asad Airbase is in Iraq, where they speak Arabic.
The generated text is : The US Air force operates the Al Asad airbase and has previously fought in the Invasion of Grenada.
The generated text is : Alderney airport's first runway is made from Poaceae which is from the Monocotyledon class.
The generated text is : The 1st runway at Alderney airport has an asphalt surface and a length of 877.
The generated text is : Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Pakistan where Anwar Zaheer Jamali is a leader.
The generated text is : Located in Punjab Pakistan, Allama Iqbal International Airport has a runway length of 2900.0 metres.
The generated text is : Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is -3.3528 metres above sea level and its first runway has a length of 3800 meters.
The generated text is : Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 3.3528 below sea level and its first runway is made of asphalt..
The generated text is : Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam and has a runway length of 2014.0.
The generated text is : Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves Amsterdam and the runway length is 3300.
The generated text is : Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where Houston is the largest city.
The generated text is : The city of Luanda is served by Angola International Airport which has a runway that is 3800 metres long.
The generated text is : The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made of Poaceae, and its length is 597.0.
The generated text is : The 1st runway at Ashgabat International airport is 12467 feet in length and the Airport is elevated 211 metres above sea level.
The generated text is : Turkmenistan Airlines, which is headquartered in Turkmenistan, is the operating organization for Ashgabat International Airport.
The generated text is : Atlantic City International Airport is in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States.
The generated text is : 4/22 is the runway name of Atlantic City International Airport which is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey.
The generated text is : Atlantic City International Airport, (runway length 3048.0), is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey.
The generated text is : Afonso Pena International Airport is operated by Infraero which is in Brasilia.
The generated text is : FC Magedburg has 27250 members and was in Regionalliga in 2014.
The generated text is : Verona, Italy is the home to A.C. Chievo Verona which has 39371 members.
The generated text is : Rolando Maran, who has managed AC Chievo Verona, was born in Italy.
The generated text is : Jorge Humberto Rodriguez manages A.D. Isidro Metapan. He plays for FC Dallas.
The generated text is : With 1500 members, A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis, were in the 2014-15 A EPSTH, Greece.
The generated text is : Stuart Parker (footballer) was at Blackburn Rovers FC and has also managed AFC Blackpool.
The generated text is : AFC Blackpool have had Stuart Parker as their manager, and he is attached to Irlam Town Football Club.
The generated text is : The ground of AFC Fylde can be found in the county of Lancashire, it has 3180 members.
The generated text is : The A.S. Gubbio 1910 has 5300 members and has a ground in Gubbio.
The generated text is : A.S Livorno Calcio ground is in Livorno and the club plays in Serie B.
The generated text is : Christian Panucci plays at A.S. Roma. He also manages A.S. Livorno Calcio .
The generated text is : The manager of ACF Fiorentina is Paulo Sousa, his club is Juventus.
The generated text is : ACF Fiorentina has 47290 members and their full name is ACF Fiorentina S.p.A.
The generated text is : AEK Athens F.C. has 69618 members and its ground is in Greece.
The generated text is : The ground for AEK Athens FC, who are in the Superleague of Greece is the Olympic Stadium (Athens).
The generated text is : AFC Ajax (amateurs)'s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst where the tenant is Jong Ajax.
The generated text is : AZAL Arena is the ground of AZAL PFK which is located in Shuvalan, Baku, Azerbaijan.
The generated text is : Akron Summit Assault, 3000 members strong, play in the 2011 PDL season.
The generated text is : A.S. Gubbio 1910 has a ground in Gubbio which is a region of Umbria.
The generated text is : Pietro Grasso is the leader in Italy where the ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located.
The generated text is : Luciano Spalletti, manager of AS Roma, plays for Empoli F.C.
The generated text is : 1634: The Bavarian Crisis was written by Eric Flint and preceded by The Grantville Gazettes.
The generated text is : 1634: The Ram Rebellion, available in ebook is authored by Virginia DeMarce.
The generated text is : AIP Advances (abbreviated to "AIP Adv.") had the EISSN number 2158.
The generated text is : A Fortress of Grey Ice is available in print and was written by J. V. Jones.
The generated text is : A Fortress of Grey Ice has 672 pages, and has the ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6.
The generated text is : John Cowper Powys wrote A Glastonbury Romance, which was followed by Weymouth Sands.
The generated text is : A Long Long Way was published in Print & Paperback and has the OCLC number 57392246.
The generated text is : A Long Long Way has 292 pages and the ISBN number is 0-670-03380-4.
The generated text is : Penguin Random House is the parent company of Viking Press, which published A long long way.
The generated text is : A Loyal Character Dancer which is in print, was penned by Qiu Xiaolong.
The generated text is : A Severed Wasp which has the ISBN number 0-374-26131-8, also has an OCLC number of 8805735.
The generated text is : The hardcover A Severed Wasp was assigned the OCLC number 8805735.
The generated text is : A Severed Wasp is in the English language which is the language spoken in Great Britain.
The generated text is : A Severed Wasp, ISBN number 0-374-26131-8, is currently in print.
The generated text is : Julius Springer is the founder of Springer Science and Business Media which is the publisher of Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universitat Hamburg.
The generated text is : Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is considered Fantasy literature and has the ISBN number 0-439-92550-9.
The generated text is : Alcatraz Versus The Evil Librarians has the OCLC and ISBN numbers 78771100 and 0-439-92550-9, respectively.
The generated text is : Alcatraz versus the Evil Librarians is followed by Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener's Bones authored by Brandon Sanderson.
The generated text is : The American Journal of Mathematics (abbreviated to Am. J. Math.) has the academic discipline of Mathematics.
The generated text is : Johns Hopkins University is the parent company of Johns Hopkins University Press, the publisher of the American Journal of Mathematics.
The generated text is : 1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States where the capital is Washington DC.
The generated text is : A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where the capital is in Washington, D.C.
The generated text is : A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where one of the ethnic groups is African American.
The generated text is : A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where the African Americans are an ethnic group.
The generated text is : A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where the Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
The generated text is : The Uab is the nickname of the 1 1918 Decembrie University in the state of Alba.
The generated text is : The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in the city of Belgaum.
The generated text is : B M Reddy is president of the Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore.
The generated text is : The All India Council for Technical Education which is located in Mumbai, gave the status of "Technical Campus" to the Acharya Institute of Technology.
The generated text is : AWH Engineering College is located in Kerala whose leader is Kochi.
The generated text is : April O'Neil was created by Peter Laird, from the US.
The generated text is : Bananaman, starring Jill Shilling, is broadcasted by the BBC.
The generated text is : Graeme Garden stars in Bananaman, which is broadcast by STV.
The generated text is : Tim Brooke-Taylor, star of Bananaman was born in Derbyshire.
The generated text is : Big Hero 6, starring Alan Tudyk, was Baymax's first film appearance.
The generated text is : The first appearance in a film for the character Baymax was Big Hero 6, the film that Scott Adsit starred in.
The generated text is : Baymax, created by Steve T. Seagle, is a character in Big Hero 6.
The generated text is : The comic book character Ben Urich ( full name, Benjamin Urich ) was created by Roger McKenzie.
The generated text is : Bibbo Bibbowski was created by Jerry Ordway and Marv Wolfman.
The generated text is : Bibbo Bibbowski, often called Bo Bibbowski, was created by Marv Wolfman.
The generated text is : Alan Bean, who is now retired, was born on March 15th, 1932.
The generated text is : Former test pilot Alan Shepard has died.
The generated text is : Buzz Aldrin was born on the 20th January, 1030 in Glen Ridge , New Jersey.
The generated text is : Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, located in the Essex County in New Jersey.
The generated text is : The Apollo 8 crew included the British Hong Kong-born William Anders.
The generated text is : William Anders graduated, with an M.S., from AFIT in 1962, and is now retired.
The generated text is : 108 St Georges Terrace was completed in 1988 and has a floor count of 50.
The generated text is : 200 Public Square, located in the United States, has 45 floors.
The generated text is : 20 Fenchurch Street has an area of 62145.3 square metres and 34 floors.
The generated text is : There are 60 floors at 300 North LaSalle, which is located in Chicago.
The generated text is : George Winkler is the architect of the 320 South Boston Building and is from the United States of America.
The generated text is : HOK SVE was the architect of 3Arena, located on the East Link Bridge.
The generated text is : The 3Arena, which was designed by the architect company Populous, is located in Dublin.
The generated text is : Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky and is located in Copenhagen.
The generated text is : Adare Manor's architect was George Richard Pain and it was completed in 1862.
The generated text is : Adare Manor is found in Adare, County Limerick.
The generated text is : The Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia.
The generated text is : Adisham Hall in Haputale, Sri Lanka is built in the Tudor Revival style.
The generated text is : Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka and has the architectural style Tudor Revival.
The generated text is : Akita Museum of Art is located in Japan, which has as one of its ethnic groups the Brazilians.
The generated text is : Akita Museum of Art is located at 1-4-2 Nakadori and has 3 floors.
The generated text is : The address of Amdavad ni Gufa is Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, near CEPT University, opp. Gujarat University, University Road, Gujarat.
The generated text is : Ampara Hospital is in the Eastern Province, of Sri Lanka whose leader is Austin Fernando.
The generated text is : Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, United States.
The generated text is : Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, of which Brooklyn is a part.
The generated text is : Adare Manor can be found in County Limerick, which is part of Munster.
The generated text is : The 3Arena is in Dublin which is part of the Republic of Ireland.
The generated text is : American retiree Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas.
The generated text is : Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, USA (the leader of which was Joe Biden).
The generated text is : The United States National Buzz Aldrin, who graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc. D. in 1963, was hired by NASA shortly after his graduation.
The generated text is : Elliot See, a US national, was born in Dallas and graduated from the University of Texas at Austin.
The generated text is : Elliot See, who graduated from the University of Texas at Austin and was chosen by NASA in 1962, died in St. Louis.
The generated text is : Elliot See, a past graduate of the University of Texas, Austin, died in St Louis where the leader is Francis G Slay.
The generated text is : Elliot see died on the 28th of February 1966 in St. Louis, which is part of the Kingdom of France.
The generated text is : Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire, the home of the Purple Finch, and spent 130170 minutes in space.
The generated text is : Available in print form, '1634: The Bavarian Crisis' by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint has 448 pages.
The generated text is : 1634:The Ram Rebellion is the sequel to 1634: The Galileo Affair written in English which is spoken in Great Britain.
The generated text is : Alexander L. Wolf is a leader of the Association for Computing Machinery, headquarters in New York City, are the publishers of ACM Transactions on information Systems.
The generated text is : The Aids Journal comes under the academic discipline HIV/AIDS and has the ISSN number 0269-9370.
The generated text is : The academic discipline of AIDS journal is HIV (ISSN number: 1473-5571.) studies HIV/AIDS.
The generated text is : A T Charlie Johnson, editor of AIP Advances, studied at Stanford University and is a resident of the United States.
The generated text is : J. V. Jones is the author of A Fortress of Grey Ice OCLC 51969173 ISBN 0-7653-0633-6.
The generated text is : A Loyal Character Dancer was written by Qiu Xiaolong and has the OCLC number 49805501 and the ISBN number 1-56947-301-3.
The generated text is : A Loyal Character Dancer is written in English and published by Soho Press in the United States.
The generated text is : A Severed Wasp (from the United States) is written in English, which is the language spoken in Great Britain.
The generated text is : The hardback book, A Severed Wasp, has 388 pages and the OCLC number 8805735.
The generated text is : The Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg (abreviated Abh.Math.Semin.Univ.Hambg) has an ISSN of 1865-8784 and a LCCN number 32024459.
The generated text is : The novel Aenir, which was written in English, was followed by Above the Veil which is from Australia.
The generated text is : Above the Veil is written in English by Garth Nix and was preceded by Aenir.
The generated text is : Above the Veil is available in hardcover, has 248 pages and was written by Garth Nix.
The generated text is : Acta Palaeontologica Polonica, whose abbreviated name is Acta Palaeontol. Pol., has the LCCN number of 60040714 and the ISSN number of 0567-7920.
The generated text is : Addiction journal, or Addiction, is about addiction and has the ISSN number of 1360-0443.
The generated text is : The journal Addiction (ISSN number 0965-2140) is published by Wiley-Blackwell, which has the parent company John Wiley & Sons.
The generated text is : Cornell University is located in the state of New York. It is affiliated with the Association of American Universities and is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly.
The generated text is : Aenir is written in English by Garth Nix, the followed book is Above the Veil.
The generated text is : Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is a book from the USA, written in English, the language of Great Britain.
The generated text is : Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is published in Hardcover and has 320 pages. The OCLC number is 78771100.
The generated text is : English is the language spoken in both Great Britain and the United States. The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians comes from the U.S.
The generated text is : The author of A Glastonbury Romance was John Cowper Powys, who was born in Shirley, Derbyshire and died in Blaenau Ffestiniog.
The generated text is : Sara Miller McCune is the founder of SAGE publications which publishes the Administrative Science Quarterly which has the ISSN number of 0001-8392.
The generated text is : A Severed Wasp is from the United States, whose capital is Washington D.C., and which counts Native Americans among its ethnic groups.
The generated text is : A Wizard of Mars is published in English and originates from the United States, where one of the ethnic groups is African American.
The generated text is : The capital city of the United States is Washington D.C. Some Asian Americans live in the United States and A Wizard of Mars was Published there.
The generated text is : Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States where Barack Obama is the leader. It is also the country where 'A Wizard of Mars' originates from.
The generated text is : 1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States where the leader is known as the President and one of the ethnic groups are the African Americans.
The generated text is : The President is the leader of the United States, which is where A Fortress of Grey Ice is from. Additionally, Native Americans are an ethnic Group in the U.S.
The generated text is : Jens Hartel currently plays for SV Germania Schoneiche, his first club was FC Lokomotive Leipzig and he has managed 1 FC Magdeburg.
The generated text is : Massimo Drago has been the manager of A C Cesena, plays for ASD SS Nola 1925 and was also at the club ASD Licita 1931.
The generated text is : The "Associazione Calcio Lumezzane SpA" is the full name of A.C. Lumezzane who play in Lega Pro/A and have 4150 members.
The generated text is : Jorge Humberto Rodriguez is not only the manager of A. D. Isidro Metapan, but also plays for Alianza F.C. as well as the El Salvador national football team.
The generated text is : A.E. Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members, is chaired by Antonis Milionis, and is located in the town of Efxeinoupoli.
The generated text is : The full name of AFC Blackpool is Association Football Club Blackpool. Their ground is located in Blackpool and they have 1500 members.
The generated text is : AFC Blackpool have had Stuart Parker as their manager. He is a member of the Chesterfield F.C. and was previously a player for Runcorn FC Halton.
The generated text is : Dave Challinor manages A.F.C. Fylde and plays at the Stockport County F.C. He is also at Colwyn Bay FC.
The generated text is : The full name of A.S. Livorno Calcio is Livorno Calcio S.p.A., their ground is in Livorno, Italy and they have 19238 members.
The generated text is : AS Livorno Calcio play in Serie B (previous champions: Carpi FC 1909) and are managed by Christian Panucci.
The generated text is : Christian Panucci has played for Chelsea FC and was attached to the Real Madrid CF club. He now manages AS Livorno Calcio,.
The generated text is : AEK Athens F.C. (who's grounds are in Athens) is in the Superleague of Greece. Olympiacos FC are previous champions of the Superleague Greece.
The generated text is : Gus Poyet played for Chelsea F.C. and was the manager for AEK Athens FC but he is now in the Real Zaragoza club.
The generated text is : The ground of AFC Ajax (amateurs) can be found in Amsterdam. Amsterdam-Centrum is part of the city and its leader is Eberhard van der Laan.
The generated text is : Amsterdam Noord is part of Amsterdam whose leader is Eberhard van der Laan. The city is the location of the homeground of AFC Ajax (amateurs).
The generated text is : John van den Brom manages the AZ Alkmaar and is in the Jong Ajax club. He currently plays for Istanbulspor A.S.
The generated text is : Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league based in Brazil. Their ground is known as Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca.
The generated text is : The manager of A.S. Roma is Luciano Spalletti who used to play for Udinese Calcio but now plays for Empoli FC.
The generated text is : Massimo Drago was at the club ASD Licita 1931 but currently manages A.C. Cesena and plays for S.S. Chieti Calcio.
The generated text is : Massimo Drago has been the manager of A C Cesena and played for A.S.D. S.S. Nola 1925. He currently plays for U.S Castrovillari Calcio.
The generated text is : Massimo Drago has been the manager of A C Cesena but currently plays for US Castrovillari Calcio and SS Chieti Calcio.
The generated text is : 103 Colmore Row was designed by John Madin who was born in Birmingham.
The generated text is : 200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, part of Cuyahoga County, Ohio which is led by Frank G Jackson.
The generated text is : 250 Delaware Avenue in the United States has 12 floors that cover 30843.8 square metres.
The generated text is : 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, DuPage County in Illinois, where Rahm Emanuel is the leader.
The generated text is : George Winkler, United States, is the architect of the 22 floor 320 South Boston Building.
The generated text is : HOK SVE was the architect of the 3Arena which was completed in December 2008 and located on North Wall Quay.
The generated text is : AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen has 23 floors and is located in Denmark. The tenant is Marriott International.
The generated text is : The tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, which has 23 floors and was designed by 3XN, is the Marriott International.
The generated text is : Augustus Pugin who was born in Bloomsbury is the architect of Adare Manor. Another of his significant buildings is the Palace of Westminster.
The generated text is : Adare Manor was designed by architect Philip Charles Hardwick and construction finished in 1862. The Manor is owned by J P McManus.
The generated text is : Adisham Hall is located in Haputale and was completed in the Tudor and Jacobean style in 1931.
The generated text is : Adisham Hall, which was finished in 1931, is located in Sri Lanka and has an architectural style known as Tudor and Jacabian.
The generated text is : Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka where the leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe.
The generated text is : Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital of Sri Lanka, whose currency is the rupee. Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka.
The generated text is : Alan B. Miller Hall was started on March 30,2007 and has The Mason School of Business in the U.S. as a tenant.
The generated text is : Julia Morgan was born in San Francisco and is the architect of the grounds of Asilomar Conference at the Riverside Art Museum.
The generated text is : Julia Morgan who was born in California, is the architect behind Chinatown in San Francisco and designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds.
The generated text is : Asilomar Conference Grounds, located at Asilomar Blvd., Pacific Grove, California, was added to the National Register of Historis Places February 27, 1987 and has the reference number 87000823.
The generated text is : Asser Levy Public Baths were built in 1904 at Avenue A, Manhattan. They were added to the National Register of Historic Places on "1980-04-23".
The generated text is : The Asser Levy Public Baths was built in 1904 and are in New York City. They were added to the National Register of Historic Places on "1980-04-23".
The generated text is : The leader of Birmingham is the Conservative Party (UK), this city is the home town of John Madin who was the architect that designed 103 Colmore Row.
The generated text is : Birmingham is led by the Liberal Democrats and is the birthplace of the architect John Madin who designed 103 Colmore Row.
The generated text is : The leader of Ethiopia is Hailemariam Desalegn and Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa located in Ethiopia.
The generated text is : Anandiben Patel is the leader of Gujarat, the location of Amdavad ni Gufa in Ahmedabad.
The generated text is : Bill Marriott is one of the key people at the Marriott International based in Bethesda, Maryland and which is a tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen.
The generated text is : Albany, Georgia is in Dougherty County and Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
The generated text is : Albuquerque, New Mexico, has a population density of 1142,3 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 490.9 sq. km. The New Mexico Senate is the political party in Albuquerque.
The generated text is : Alpharetta is part of Fulton County, Georgia in the United States. The US is home to an ethnic group called African Americans.
The generated text is : Alpharetta can be found in Georgia in the United States, the country that is home to an ethnic group called Asian Americans.
The generated text is : Alpharetta, Georgia, is in the United States, where the capital is Washington DC and where one of the ethnic groups is Asian Americans.
The generated text is : Anaheim, California has a UTC offset of - 7,its area codes are 657 and 714 and its total area is 131.6 sq km.
The generated text is : Anaheim, part of California, is led by the California State Senate located at the California State Capitol.
The generated text is : Anderson is part of Lafayette Township, Madison County, which is located in Indiana, United States.
The generated text is : Angola is in Pleasant Township which is part of Steuben County, Indiana in the U.S. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.
The generated text is : Antioch is part of Contra Costa County, located in the San Francisco Bay area of California. The leader of Antioch is the United States House of Representatives.
The generated text is : Arlington is located in Tarrant County,Texas whose county seat is Fort Worth in the United States.
The generated text is : Atlanta is in the United States whose capital is Washington, D.C. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.
The generated text is : Atlanta(area code:404) has a population density of 1299 inhabitants per square kilometre and its total area is 347.1(square kilometres).
The generated text is : Atlantic City, New Jersey is in the United States. The largest city in New Jersey is Newark.
The generated text is : Atlantic City, New Jersey is in Atlantic County, New Jersey U.S. where New York is the largest City.
The generated text is : Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama in the U.S.
The generated text is : Auburn is part of Washington State in the United States which has the capital of Washington DC.
The generated text is : Olympia is the state capital of Washington in the United States. Auburn is also part of Washington state.
The generated text is : Albany is part of Dougherty County in Georgia and the state's capital is Atlanta.
The generated text is : Alexandria, Indiana is part of Madison County Indiana in the United States. The largest city in Madison County is Anderson.
The generated text is : Atlantic City is part of New Jersey in the U.S. The capital of New Jersey is Trenton.
The generated text is : Arlington is part of Texas where Houston is the largest city and English is spoken.
The generated text is : The United States, which has the capital city of Washington DC, is also the location of Attica, part of Fountain County in Indiana.
The generated text is : Attica, Indiana is in Fountain County, Indiana in the U.S. Washington, D.C. is the capital of the U.S.
The generated text is : Akron, Ohio is located in the United States; where Washington, D.C. is the capital, and where English is spoken.
The generated text is : Akron is in Summit County, Ohio in the U.S. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.
The generated text is : Albany is part of Benton County in Oregon within the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
The generated text is : Barack Obama is the leader of the United States where Albuquerque,New Mexico is located and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
The generated text is : The United States includes the African Americans ethnic group, uses the English language and is the location of Albany, Georgia.
The generated text is : Angola, Indiana is located in the United States where the English language is spoken and the Native Americans are an ethnic group.
The generated text is : Operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A/S, Aarhus Airport has a runway length of 2776.0 metres and a runway name 10R/28L.
The generated text is : Adirondack regional airport serves both Lake Placid and Saranac Lake, New York. The length of the runway at Asirondack regional airport is 2003.
The generated text is : Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport is in Paracuellos de Jarama, which is located in the community of Madrid, Spain.
The generated text is : Agra Airport (ICAO Location Identifier - VIAG) is located in Uttar Pradesh and operated by the Indian Air Force.
The generated text is : Operated by the United States Air Force, Al Asad Airbase is in Iraq and has a runway length of 3992.88 metres.
The generated text is : Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which carried out the 1986 United States bombing of Libya and which uses an aircraft fighter called the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle.
The generated text is : The McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle is an aircraft fighter in the United States Air Force operated Al Asad Airbase and was used during the Invasion of Grenada.
The generated text is : Alderney Airport, whose runway is 877 m, serves the city of Alderney. Its surface is poaceae.
The generated text is : Allama Iqbal International airport located in Pakistan is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority headquartered at Jinnah International Airport.
The generated text is : Allama Iqbal International Airport in Punjab, Pakistan has a runway known as 18L/36R with a length of 2900.0.
The generated text is : With an elevation of 210 metres above sea level, Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan, in the United States.
The generated text is : The runway length at Andrews County airport ( located in Texas and 973.0 above sea level), is 1773.0.
The generated text is : The runway length of Andrews County Airport (located in Texas and 973.0 above sea level) is 896.
The generated text is : Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , Austin and the language spoken in Texas is English.
The generated text is : Texas is located in the United States, and its demonym is Tejano. The Andrews County airport is located in Texas.
The generated text is : Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp which is in Belgium and one of the spoken languages is German.
The generated text is : Atlantic City International Airport is located at Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, part of Atlantic County, New Jersey, in the United States.
The generated text is : The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is headquartered in the Four World Trade Center and serves New Jersey. It operates the Atlantic City International Airport.
The generated text is : Atlantic City International Airport is in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. Its runway length is 3048.0.
The generated text is : Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Lahore, Pakistan. The leader of the country is Anwar Zaheer Jamali.
The generated text is : The leader party in Madrid (which is part of the community of Madrid and has the Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport) is Ahora Madrid.
The generated text is : The leader party in Madrid Spain (in which the Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas Airport is located) ,is called Ahora Madrid.
The generated text is : The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is in San Sebastián de los Reyes (Spain), where the lead party is the People's Party.
The generated text is : The United States 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument's location is Adams County, Pennsylvania, northwest of Carroll County Maryland.
The generated text is : The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, in Adams County, which has Carroll County, Maryland to its southeast.
The generated text is : The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, known locally as Türk Şehitleri Anıtı, is located in Baku, the capital city of Azerbaijan.
The generated text is : The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan, where the leader is Artur Rasizade, and legislature is based in the National Assembly.
The generated text is : The Ataturk Monument (Izmir) can be found in Turkey, where the capital is Ankara and leader is Ahmet Davutoglu.
The generated text is : Guanciale is an ingredient used in the preparation of Amatriciana sauce which is a traditional Italian sauce, that comes from the region of Lazio.
The generated text is : A dish of Javanese cuisine, Arem arem has compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
The generated text is : Tomato, used when making Arrabbiata sauce, is part of the flowering plant division and the Solanaceae family.
The generated text is : Rome, Italy is where the sauce called arrabbiata is from, it includes olive oil as an ingredient used in it's preparation.
The generated text is : Tomatoes are found in Arrabbiata sauce, which is a dish from Rome in Italy.
The generated text is : Fish cooked in hot and sour sauce is called asam pedas and can be found in the Malay Peninsula region of Malaysia.
The generated text is : Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia, where the capital is Kuala Lumpur, and Arifin Zakaria is the leader.
The generated text is : From Indonesia, Ayam penyet, is a popular dish in Malaysia. Malaysian Chinese is an ethnic group from Malaysia.
The generated text is : A variation on the club sandwich, BLT, has lettuce as an ingredient. A variation of the BLT is a bacon sandwich.
The generated text is : Bacon Explosion come from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and white Americans are an ethnic group.
The generated text is : Bacon Explosion originates in the United States, where John Roberts is a leader and the capital is Washington DC.
The generated text is : The BLT and bacon sandwich are variations of a club sandwich which has bread as an ingredient.
The generated text is : Sponge cake is one of the ingredients of Baked Alaska which comes from the region of New York and France.
The generated text is : The leader of France is Manuel Valls where the Euro is the currency and the dish baked Alaska is from.
The generated text is : Baked Alaska is a dish found in the USA which contains christmas pudding and comes from New York.
The generated text is : Sponge cake is an ingredient of Baked Alaska which is a dessert. Another type of dessert is a cookie.
The generated text is : Bakewell pudding's main ingredients are almond, jam, butter and eggs. It is a dessert from the Derbyshire Dales region.
The generated text is : Bakewell tart is a variation of Bakewell pudding which originates from the Derbyshire Dales. Some main ingredients in Bakewell pudding are ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs.
The generated text is : Beef is an ingredient of Bakso which comes from and is found in Indonesia.
The generated text is : Part of Colombian cuisine, Bandeja paisa is a traditional dish from the Paisa region. One of the main ingredients in this dish is avocado.
The generated text is : Bandeja paisa is a traditional dish from the Paisa region and part of Colombian cuisine. Hogao is an ingredient of Bandeja paisa.
The generated text is : Barny Cakes come from France where two of the leaders are Claude Bartolone and Manuel Valls.
The generated text is : Eaten in the Philippines, batchoy has the main ingredients, noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp, and beef.
The generated text is : The main ingredients of batchoy are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp, and beef. It is eaten in the Philippines.
The generated text is : Tony Tan is a leader in Singapore, where Beef kway teow is from. The dish is popular nationwide in Singapore and Indonesia.
The generated text is : An ingredient in beef kway teow, from the Singapore region and popular in Indonesia, is sesame oil.
The generated text is : Beef kway teow originates from Singapore and is also made in Indonesia. One of the ingredients in the dish is oyster sauce.
The generated text is : Bhajji comes from the country India, which leader is Sumitra Mahajan and its currency is the Indian rupee.
The generated text is : Banana is an ingredient in binignit which is a dessert. A cookie is also a dessert.
The generated text is : Binignit is a type of dessert with the ingredient sago, a cookie is also a dessert.
The generated text is : Taro is an ingredient in Binignit which is a dessert. Similarly, a cookie is a dessert.
The generated text is : Sweet potato, from the Solanales order of plants, and banana are two of the key ingredients in Binignit.
The generated text is : Found in Mexico, the food, Bionico (with granola as an ingredient), is served at the dessert course.
The generated text is : Bionico is a food which contains raisins from Guadalajara, Mexico.
The generated text is : Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader in Mexico. The country where the currency is the peso and where the food Bionico is found.
The generated text is : Amatriciana sauce comes from Italy which has the capital city of Rome and is led by Pietro Grasso.
The generated text is : Batchoy is a dish from the Philippines, where Arabic is spoken and where one of the ethnic groups is the Igorot people.
The generated text is : The leader of Singapore is Tony Tan where English is spoken and beef kway teow is a popular dish.
The generated text is : Tomatoes which are part of the solanaceae family and solanales order are a key ingredient in Amatriciana sauce.
The generated text is : AWH Engineering College is located in Kerala, India and it has 250 academic staff.
The generated text is : The Acharya Institute of Technology is in Bangalore. It has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The generated text is : AWH Engineering College is located in Kerala. The leader of Kerala is Kochi. To the northwest of Kerala is Mahe, India.
The generated text is : Romania's ethnic group is Germans of Romania and its university is 1 Decembrie 1918 University. Its anthem is called Desteapta-te romane.
The generated text is : The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Romania. Romania is led by Klaus Iohannis, a member of Germans of Romania.
The generated text is : The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928. It is affiliated with the European University Association in Brussels.
The generated text is : The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is in Aarhus, Denmark. It was established in 1928.
The generated text is : Asterix was created by Albert Uderzo and Rene Goscinny who is a French national.
The generated text is : The TV series Bananaman starred Tim Brooke-Taylor and was last aired on the BBC on 15th April 1986.
The generated text is : Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures distributed Big Hero 6, a film starring Scott Adsit in which Baymax first appeared.
The generated text is : The film, Big hero 6 which includes the character of Baymax, stars Scott Adsit and is distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures.
The generated text is : Walt Disney Studio Motion Picture distributed the film Big Hero 6, in which Ryan Potter starred and Baymax is a character.
The generated text is : The comic character Blockbuster, AKA Mark Desmond, was created by Gardner Fox and Carmine Infantino.
The generated text is : The comic character Bolt, with the alternative name Larry Bolatinsky, was created by Gary Cohn and Dan Mishkin.
The generated text is : The comic character of Bolt has the alternative name of Larry Bolatinsky and was created by Ernie Colon and the comic book writer, Gary Cohn.
The generated text is : The building of 103 Colmore Row began in 1973 and it was completed in 1976. It is located at 103 Colmore Row, Birmingham and it has 23 floors.
The generated text is : 11 Diagonal Street is in South Africa, the capital of which is Cape Town. Two of the ethnic groups within South Africa are coloured people and Asian South Africans.
The generated text is : Cleveland City Council govern Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States where 200 Public Square is located.
The generated text is : 250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo, New York and was built at a cost of 110 million (dollars). It has 12 floors with a total area of 30843.8 (square metres).
The generated text is : 300 North LaSalle is in Chicago, Cook County, Illinois, USA. Rahm Emanuel is the leader of the aforementioned city.
The generated text is : The building at 300 North LaSalle, Illinois, completed in 2009, has 60 floors covering an area of 120770.0 square metres.
The generated text is : The owner of 3Arena, Dublin, Leinster, Republic of Ireland is Live Nation Entertainment.
The generated text is : Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen which has 23 floors was designed by the architects 3XN.
The generated text is : Adare Manor is located in Adare, County Limerick, Munster, which is governed by the Limerick City and County Council.
The generated text is : Akita Museum of Art, located in Akita, Akita, part of Akita Prefecture, Japan displays art from Brazilians, one of the ethnic groups in that country.
The generated text is : Akita Museum of Art is an art museum in the Japanese city of Akita on the Akita Prefecture. Japan is diverse with a number of ethnic groups including Filipinos.
The generated text is : The Akita Museum of Art is located in the Akita Prefecture of Japan, in Akita, Akita. One ethnic group of Japan is the Vietnamese People.
The generated text is : The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, which is part of the Akita Prefecture in Japan. The Brazilians in Japan are an ethnic group found in this country.
The generated text is : The College of William and Mary own Alan B Miller Hall which was completed on 1 June 2009 at 101 Ukrop Way, Williamsburg, Virginia.
The generated text is : Sumitra Mahajan and Narendra Modi are leaders of India where Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat.
The generated text is : Added to National Register of Historic Places on February the 27nd, 1987 (reference number 87000823), the Asilomar Conference Grounds was built in 1913 and are located in Pacific Grove, California.
The generated text is : Located in Avenue A in Manhatten, Asser Levy Public Baths was built in 1904 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980/04/23 with the reference number of 80002709.
The generated text is : The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in Brooklyn, Manhattan, New York City where Cyrus Vance Jr. is one of the leaders.
The generated text is : Asser Levy Public Baths are in New York, USA. Gale Brewer is the leader of Manhattan, which is a part of New York.
The generated text is : 103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin, who was born in Birmingham. The B postcode area is the postal code of Birmingham and the city's leader is Andrew Mitchell.
The generated text is : Birmingham has the B postcode, is led by the Labour party and is the birthplace of architect John Madin who designed 103 Colmore Row.
The generated text is : Anandiben Patel was the leader of Gujarat, India, where Amdavad ni Gufa is located. The leader of India's name is Sumitra Mahajan.
The generated text is : T. S. Thakur was an Indian leader but the current leader of India is Narendra Modi. Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India.
The generated text is : The Brazilians are one of the ethnic groups found in Japan which is the location of the Akita Museum of Art, Akita, Akita Prefecture.
The generated text is : The Parliament of the United Kingdom is the leader of London, the capital city. Elizabeth II is also a leader and 20 Fenchurch Street is located in the country .
The generated text is : 250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where English is spoken and the leader has the title President. Joe Biden is one of the leaders.
The generated text is : The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument (established in 2000) is in Pennsylvania in the United States, where it is categorised as a contributing property.
The generated text is : The Turkish martyrs memorial is located in Baku, the capital of Azerbaijan, where the leader (Prime Minister of Azerbaijan) is called Artur Rasizade.
The generated text is : The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial in Azerbaijan, which has Baku as its capital, is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku and is known locally as Türk Sehitleri Aniti.
The generated text is : The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established 1907-07-11 at the Monocacy National Battlefield in the county of Frederick, Maryland, with Frederick, Maryland as its nearest city.
The generated text is : The capital of Turkey is Ankara and the leader is Ahmet Davutoglu. Turkey is the location of the bronze Ataturk monument.
The generated text is : The Atatürk Monument in Izmir, Turkey, which is governed by a president, was designed by Pietro Canonica and was inaugurated on July 27th, 1932.
The generated text is : Albany, Georgia, is located within the United States,where English is one of the spoken languages.Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States of America.
The generated text is : Albuquerque, in New Mexico, has a total are of 490.9 square kilometres and a land area of 486.2 square kilometres. It has a population density of 1142.3 people per square kilometers, and the area codes are 505 and 575.
The generated text is : Alpharetta, Fulton County, Georgia is located within the United States. Atlanta is the county seat of Fulton County.
The generated text is : Washington DC is the capital of the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. The US is also where you will find Amarillo, which is part of Potter County in Texas.
The generated text is : Amarillo is a part of Potter County, in Texas, USA. Austin is the state capital of Texas.
The generated text is : Anaheim is in California which is led by the California State Assembly found in the California State Capitol. Spanish is spoken in that state.
The generated text is : Anderson, Indiana is part of Adams Fall Creek, Lafayette, Richland, Union, and is located at 268.0 above sea level. The population density of Anderson, Indiana, is 523.9 (inhabitants per square kilometre) and the area is 107.43 square kilometres.
The generated text is : Angola is part of Pleasant Township in Steuben County, Indiana, in the U.S. and is 16.55 square kilometres in size.
The generated text is : The total area of Antioch, California is 75.324 square km and uses UTC offset of -7.It has a total population of 102372 inhabitants and its area code is 925.
The generated text is : The total area of Atlantic City, New Jersey is 44.125 square kilometres and the population density is 1421.2 inhabitants per square kilometre. 609 is the area code of Atlantic City, N.J. and "Mayor" is the title of the leader.
The generated text is : Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, United States, of which one of the ethnic groups is Asian Americans.
The generated text is : Auburn is part of Lee County,Alabama in the United States.African Americans are an ethnic group within the United States.
The generated text is : Washington DC is the capital of the United States where Auburn is to be found. It is part of both King County and Pierce County in Washington.
The generated text is : Auburn, King County, Washington is located within the United States. The capital of the United States is Washington DC.
The generated text is : Austin is in Hays County Texas, where the state's largest city is Houston. San Marcos is the county seat of Hays County, Texas.
The generated text is : Anaheim, California is led by the California State Assembly located in the California State Capitol. Chinese is spoken in some parts of that state.
The generated text is : Alpharetta is part of Fulton County (Atlanta is the county seat), in Georgia, in the United States.
The generated text is : The city of Anderson is part of Lafayette Township in the United States. It is located in Madison County, Indiana which has the capital city of Indianapolis.
The generated text is : Houston is the largest city in Texas in the U.S. where English is spoken and is also home to Arlington.
The generated text is : United States has its capital as Washington, DC, home to African Americans and Albany, Benton County, Oregon.
The generated text is : New York City is the largest city in the United States although the capital is Washington DC. Atlantic City, part of New Jersey, is located within the country.
The generated text is : Albuquerque is in New Mexico, which is located in the United States. The leader of the US is Barack Obama and he has the title of President of the United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in the country.
The generated text is : Albuquerque,New Mexico is located in the United States and Asian Americans are an ethnic group there.John Sánchez, is one of the leaders, in the New Mexico Senate which is leading the state.
The generated text is : The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States, which has the capital city of Washington DC. It is also the location of Albany, part of Benton County in Oregon.
The generated text is : Barack Obama led the United States, while the mayor is the leader of Albuquerque, New Mexico, home to many Native Americans.
The generated text is : Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States, where English is the language. Also in the United States, is Albany, in Georgia.
The generated text is : Angola,Indiana (U.S.), is home to one of its ethnic groups, the Asian Americans. English is spoken in the United States.
The generated text is : Angola, Indiana, which is part of Pleasant Township Steuben County, is in the U.S. where English is spoken and among its ethnic groups are Asian Americans.
The generated text is : Jens Härtel has been the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg, part of SV Babelsberg 03 club and 1 FC Union Berlin. He is also attched to FSV Zwickau.
The generated text is : Rolando Maran has worked at FC Bari 1908. He managed Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona and is in the Carrarese Calcio club. He was born in Italy.
The generated text is : Italian born, Michele Marcolini, plays for A.C. Chievo Verona, owns Torino F.C., and is manager of A.C. Lumezzane.
The generated text is : Antonis Milionis is chairman of A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis which has 1500 members. It is in the league EPSTH 2nd GROUP and its grounds are in the town of Efxeinoupoli.
The generated text is : Stuart Parker who plays for Stockport County F.C. was a manager at AFC Blackpool. The club is also located in Blackpool. The Conservative Party (UK) is the leader of Blackpool.
The generated text is : Footballer, Stuart Parker, plays for Stockport County F.C. and is the manager of A.F.C. Blackpool. The ground of which is in Blackpool, where Gordon Marsden is one of the leaders.
The generated text is : Based at Warton, Fylde, Lancashire, is A.F.C. Fylde. The full name of which, is Association Football Club Fylde. The club played in 2014 and has 3180 members.
The generated text is : A.F.C. Fylde are based at Bryning Lane and their full name is "Association Football Club Fylde." They have 3180 members and competed in the 2014 season.
The generated text is : Attached to the club Inter Milan, Paulo Sousa's club is Juventus. He also plays for Maccabi Tel Aviv F.C. and is manager of ACF Fiorentina.
The generated text is : With 69618 members, AEK Athens F.C. has its ground in Greece. They play in the Superleague Greece, and played in the 2014 season.
The generated text is : AFC Ajax (amateurs)'s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst operated by AFC Ajax and owned by AFC Ajax N.V. The current tenant is Jong Ajax.
The generated text is : The full name of AFC Ajax (amateurs) is Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax Amateurs, they played in the 2014 season and have 5000 members. Their nickname is Joden, Godenzonen.
The generated text is : John Van Den Brom, manager for AZ Alkmaar, play for Vitesse Arnhem and AFC Ajax, and has played for the Netherlands National Football team.
The generated text is : Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league. Their ground is the Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca located in Alagoas. The champions of Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C are Vila Nova Futebol Clube.
The generated text is : Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league, which is based in Brazil. The club's ground is called the Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca and it is located in Alagoas.
The generated text is : Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil. Their home ground is Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Arapiraca.
The generated text is : St Vincent-St Mary High School is the ground of Akron Summit Assault, Akron, Ohio, U.S. Akron, Ohio is part of Summit County, Ohio.
The generated text is : The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where there are leaders called Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella and the capital is Rome.
The generated text is : Peter Stöger is the manager at 1. FC Köln. He is a former player of SK Vorwärts Steyr, FC Admira Wacker Mödling and FK Austria Wien.
The generated text is : Serving the city of Abilene in Texas, the Abilene Regional Airport is 546 metres above sea level. It has the runway name 17L/35R and has a runway length of 21940 metres.
The generated text is : Lake Placid and the city of Saranac Lake (both in New York) are served by the Adirondack Regional Airport. This airport is 507 metres above sea level and has a runway that is 2003 metres long.
The generated text is : Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport, operated by ENAIRE, is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastian de los Reyes and Alcobendas. The airport's runway is designated 18L/36R and has a length of 3500.
The generated text is : Agra Airport is in India, which is operated by the Indian Air Force. The IATA I.D. of the Agra Airport is AGR; the ICAO Location Identifier of Agra Airport is VIAG.
The generated text is : Operated by the United States Air Force, Al Asad Airbase (Iraq) has a runway name 08/26, and a runway length 3990.0.
The generated text is : Al Asad airbase is located at Al Anbar Province in Iraq and the runway name is 09R/27L. It is operated by the United States Air Force and has a runway length of 3990.
The generated text is : The attack aircarft, the Lockheed AC-130, and the fighter aircraft, McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle are used by the United States Air Force. It is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase and one of the noted United States Air Force battles was the Invasion of Grenada.
The generated text is : The city of Lahore, Pakistan, is served by Allama Iqbal International airport. It is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. It has a runway length of 2900.
The generated text is : Serving the city of Amsterdam, Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is -3.3528 metres above sea level. It has a runway named 09/27 Buitenveldertbaan and a runway length of 2014.0.
The generated text is : The city of Amsterdam is served by Amsterdam Schiphol Airport. This airport has an elevation of -3.3528 from sea level and the runway name 18L/36R 'Aalsmeerbaan. It also has the runway length of 2014.0 metres.
The generated text is : Andrews County Airport in Texas serves the city of Andrews. It is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 929.
The generated text is : Andrews County Airport is situated in Texas, United States. The state capital is Austin and the demonym for the local people is Tejano.
The generated text is : Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States which has the capital city of Austin and uses the English language.
The generated text is : Angola International Airport is located at Ícolo e Bengo in Luanda Province, Angola, and serves the city of Luanda.
The generated text is : Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish government, owned by the flemish region, has an elevation of 12.o metres above sea level, and it's runway length is 600.0.
The generated text is : Turkmenistan Airlines have their HQ in Ashgabat, Turkmenistan and their hub airport at Turkmenbashi International airport. They are the operating organisation for Ashgabat International airport.
The generated text is : Located in Spata and serving the city of Athens, is Athens International Airport. This airport has a runway length of 3,800 and has an elevation of 94 metres above sea level.
The generated text is : Don Guardian leads New Jersey (United States) where the township of Egg Harbor is. This township is where the Atlantic City International Airport, which serves serves Atlantic City, N.J., is located.
The generated text is : Atlantic City International Airport is located at Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey in the United States. The airport's owner is South Jersey Transportation Authority headed by Stephen Dilts.
The generated text is : Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp which is a popular tourist destination in Belgium. One of the languages spoken in Belgium is German, and the leader is Charles Michel.
The generated text is : Antwerp is served by Antwerp International Airport and is a popular tourism destination in Belgium where the leader is Philippe of Belgium and the French language is spoken.
The generated text is : Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake, New York part of Harrietstown and Essex County, New York, U.S.
The generated text is : Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah, in Iraq, where Kurdish languages are spoken and Fuad Masum is the leader.
The generated text is : Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq. The country is led by Haider al-Abadi and uses the Kurdish languages.
The generated text is : Allama Iqbal International Airport, which serves the city of Lahore, is located in Punjab, Pakistan. The leader of which is Malik Muhammad Rafique Rajwana.
The generated text is : Poaceae belongs to the division of flowering plants, the order of Commelinids and the class of Monocotyledon. It constitutes the surface of the 1st runway at Alderney airport.
The generated text is : Rona Fairhead is the key person for the BBC whose headquarters are at Broadcasting House. The BBC broadcast Bananaman and also produces BBC radio.
The generated text is : Bananaman first aired on 3 October 1983 and starred Jill Shilling. It was created by Steve Bright and broadcast by STV.
The generated text is : Baymax is a character which was created by American Duncan Rouleau and featured in the film Big Hero 6 ( starring Ryan Potter ).
The generated text is : The comic character Bolt, who has the alternative name of Larry Bolatinsky, was created by Gary Cohn and the Puerto Rican national, Ernie Colon.
The generated text is : 1634:The Bavarian Crisis was written by Eric Flint who was born in Burbank, California. It was the sequel to Grantville Gazette lll which was a DeMarce short story.
The generated text is : 1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint, Virginia DeMarce, et al. and has 512 pages. It can be found as an E book and the ISBN number of 1-4165-2060-0.
The generated text is : AIDS journal, published by Lippincott Williams & Williams, is from the United Kingdom (led by Elizabeth II). The parent company of Lippincott is Wolters Kluwer.
The generated text is : A Fortress of Grey Ice, by J V Jones, has the OCLC number 51969173, the ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6 and is available in hardcover.
The generated text is : The book, A Loyal Character Dancer, has the ISBN number of 1-56947-301-3 and The OCLC number is 49805501. It was penned by Qiu Xiaolong and can be found in hardcover.
The generated text is : A Loyal Character Dancer is written in English which is spoken in Great Britain. The book is published in the United States where the Native Americans are an ethnic group.
The generated text is : A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States which speaks English and contains the ethnic group Asian Americans.
The generated text is : A Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane and published in hardback. It's 560 pages long and the ISBN number is 978-0-15-204770-2.
The generated text is : The Acta Mathematica Hungarica, abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar, discipline is Math. The LCCN number is 83646315 and the ISSN number is 0236-5294.
The generated text is : The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica has a LCCN number of 60040714 and comes under the academic discipline of Paleobiology. It has the abbreviated name of Acta Palaeontol. Pol. and the ISSN number 0567-7920.
The generated text is : Acta Palaeontologica Polonica (abbreviated to Acta Palaeontol. Pol.) was published by the Polish Academy of Sciences. It has an ISSN number of 1732-2421 and a LCCN number of 60040714.
The generated text is : Cornell University, in New York is the publisher of the Administrative Science Quarterly as well as being affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities and the Association of American Universities.
The generated text is : Cornell University is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities and publishes the Administrative Science Quarterly. The University is located in Ithaca in the state of New York.
The generated text is : Aenir, written by Garth Nix, is a paperback with 233 pages. Its ISBN number is 0-439-17684-0.
The generated text is : English is spoken in Great Britain and the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group. Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from The United States and is written in the English language.
The generated text is : Johns Hopkins University Press (U.S.), subsidary of Johns Hopkins University, publishes the American Journal of Mathematics first printed in 1878 .
The generated text is : Asian-Americans is one of the ethnic group in the US where English is spoken along with Great Britain. Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from The United States.
The generated text is : Barack Obama is the leader of the United States where A Wizard of Mars was published. The book is in English, which is spoken in Great Britain.
The generated text is : Originating in the United States, A Wizard of Mars is written in English. The leader of the United States is Barack Obama and the U.S. includes many Asian Americans.
The generated text is : A Wizard of Mars was Published in the United States. The previous president there was Barack Obama and the main language is English (the language of Great Britain).
The generated text is : English is the language of the United States where Barack Obama is president, Asian Americans are an ethnic group and a severed Wasp originates.
The generated text is : Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas in the United States. He was selected by NASA in 1963, and spent 100305.0 minutes in space.
The generated text is : Alan Shepard was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy and the Department of Commerce Gold Medal. He was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 14 mission.
The generated text is : William Anders was born in British Hong Kong, where Chris Patten is a representative. William was a crew member of Apollo 8, and served along Frank Borman.
The generated text is : Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, was part of Apollo 11 and in 1963 graduated with a Sc. D. from MIT and is now retired.
The generated text is : Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He Joined NASA in 1963 where he became a crew member of Apollo 11 as a Fighter pilot.
The generated text is : Buzz Aldrin (born as Edwin Eugene Aldrin Jr) was a crew member for NASA's Apollo 11 and had 20 awards.
The generated text is : Alan Shepard, who was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal from the U.S. Navy, an award that is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal, was born in New Hampshire and died in California.
The generated text is : Alan Shepard died in California, and had a medal and award for Distinguished Service in the United States Navy, and a gold medal for Department of Commerce. Dianne Feinstein is the Senator of California.
The generated text is : Elliot See was a national of the United States. He was born in Dallas and attended the University of Texas in AUstin. He died in St. Louis.
The generated text is : William Anders joined NASA in 1963 as a fighter pilot and became a crew member of Apollo 8.
The generated text is : AWH Engineering College (Kuttikkattoor, India) was established in 2001. One of the rivers in India is the Ganges.
The generated text is : The Acharya Institute of Technology's campus is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090, India. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum.
The generated text is : The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, India. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and its directore is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar.
The generated text is : The Acharya Institute of Technology offers tennis as its sport and it was given the "Technical Campus" status by the All India Council for Technical Education (located in Mumbai). The sports governing body for tennis is the International Tennis Federation.
The generated text is : The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, part of Alba County in Romania where Bucharest is the capital city.
The generated text is : The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in the city of Aarhus, Denmark. The leader of the country is Lars Løkke Rasmussen and Denmark's government type is Magistrate.
The generated text is : The AWH Engineering College is located in Kuttikkattoor, Kerala and it has 250 academic staff. The leader of Kerala is Kochi.
The generated text is : 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania, which has as its capital, Bucharest. The country's national anthem is Deșteaptă-te, române! and one of the ethnic groups is Germans of Romania.
The generated text is : Romania's leader is Klaus Iohannis. Although the capital city is Bucharest, the 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in the city of Alba Iulia in Romania.
The generated text is : Amatriciana sauce is a traditional Italian sauce from the region of Lazio. Its ingredients include tomatoes, guanciale, cheese and olive oil.
The generated text is : Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella are leaders of Italy, where the capital is Rome. Arrabbiata is a sauce found in Italy.
The generated text is : Arròs negre is from Catalonia Spain and its ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers.
The generated text is : A traditional dish from the Catalonia region in Spain is Arròs negre . The main ingredients in it are, white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers.
The generated text is : Spaniards are the ethnic group in Spain, where a traditional dish is Arròs negre. It comes from the region of Catalonia, which is led by the Parliament of Catalonia.
The generated text is : Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia, where the Malay live, but comes from Sumatra where the Batak live.
The generated text is : Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra, Malaysia where there are ethnic groups like the Malays and the Minangkabau people.
The generated text is : Bacon Explosion originated in the United States, where Barack Obama is leader, Washing DC is the capital and where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
The generated text is : The United States is the country of the Bacon Explosion and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups found there. John Roberts is the leader and the capital is Washington, D.C.
The generated text is : Bacon sandwiches are popular in the UK. Ketchup can be added to them and a variation is the BLT which is similar to a club sandwich.
The generated text is : The country that bacon sandwich comes from is the United Kingdom. Its main ingredients are bread and bacon and a condiment, often ketchup or brown sauce. A bacon sandwich can also be known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin.
The generated text is : Baked Alaska and cookies are desserts. Baked Alaska comes from the U.S. which has African Americans as an ethnic group.
The generated text is : Meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding are the main ingredients of Baked Alaska which is popular in Paris, New York and Hong Kong and originated in the United States.
The generated text is : Baked Alaska comes from Hong Kong, France, the United States or China and contains Meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding .
The generated text is : Baked Alaska is served in the region of Hong Kong and known to be from the USA. The main ingredients are meringue, ice cream and sponge cake (or Christmas pudding).
The generated text is : Bakewell pudding is from the Derbyshire Dales region in Derbyshire. It's a variant of a bakewell tart and fruit preserves are one of the ingredients used in it.
The generated text is : Bakso is a traditional dish throughout Indonesia and is popular in neighbouring Southeast Asian countries too. Ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables, and fried shallots are main ingredients in Bakso.
The generated text is : Bakso is a food from the Country of Indonesia. Ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables, and fried shallots are main ingredients in Bakso.
The generated text is : Bandeja paisa is part of Colombian cuisine that originates from the Paisa region. Main ingredients are kidney beans, red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon.
The generated text is : Bandeja paisa is a Colombian cuisine from the Paisa region. The main ingredients of Bandeja paisa are: red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon".
The generated text is : Barny Cakes comes from France where French is spoken and leaders include Gerard Larcher and Francois Hollande.
The generated text is : Batagor, which is found in Indonesia and Siomay are both variations of the same dish. Shumai is a variation of the dish Siomay while Shiitake is an ingredient of Shumai.
The generated text is : La Paz, Iloilo City, Philippines is the home of Batchoy. The main ingredients of batchoy are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp, and beef.
The generated text is : Philippines is the home of the soup dish Batchoy. The main ingredients are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
The generated text is : Beef kway teow is available nationwide in Singapore (where its from) and Indonesia. The main ingredients in it are; Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
The generated text is : Beef kway teow is a dish commonly found in Indonesia. The same dish is found in Singapore, where Halimah Yacob is a leader and Standard Chinese is the language spoken.
The generated text is : Beef kway teow is a popular food of Indonesia that comes from the Singapore region. Its ingredients include kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
The generated text is : Originating from the Karnataka region in India, Bhajji (also known as Bhali or bajji), has vegetables as a main ingredient.
The generated text is : Gram flour and vegetables are main ingredients in bhajji (also known as Bhaji and bajji) which comes from the Karnataka region.
The generated text is : The binignit recipe calls for sweet potatoes and sago. The sweet potato belongs to the flowering plant and falls under the order of Solanales.
The generated text is : Binignit is a dish from the region of Visayas in the Philippines. One of the main ingredients of binignit is coconut milk and another ingredient is sago.
The generated text is : Using one of the required ingredients, granola, Bionico is a dish served for dessert and is found in the region of Jalisco, in Mexico.
The generated text is : Bionico is a food found in Guadalajara, Mexico. Sour cream, chopped fruits, condensed milk. granola, raisins and shredded coconut are the main ingredients in Bionico.
The generated text is : Bionico and cookies are desserts. Bionico originates from Mexico, where the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo.
The generated text is : Bakso is a dish from the country of Indonesia (where the leader is Jusuf Kalla), it includes Tapioca.
The generated text is : Ayam penyet is originates from Singapore and Tony Tan is the country's leader.It can also be found in Java where Baduy people are one of the ethnic groups.
The generated text is : Batchoy is a dish eaten in the Philippines. The language used there is Philippines Spanish and two of its ethnic groups are Ilocano people and Zamboangans.
The generated text is : Batchoy comes from the Philippines where one of the languages is Arabic. It is also where there are several ethnic groups, two of which are Zamboangans and Igorot people.
The generated text is : Cookie is a type of dessert, as too is Binignit which comes from the Philippines. Philippine English is the language of the Philippines.
The generated text is : Sandesh and Binignit are desserts. Binignit comes from the Philippines, where the language is Philippine English.
The generated text is : The Ring of Fire II is written in English and preceded by Grantville Gazette, Grantville Gazette II and 1634: The Bavarian Crisis. The latter book is written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint.
The generated text is : Cornell University is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities and the Association of American Universities. The University is located in Ithaca New York and is overseen by its President, Elizabeth Garrett. It is responsible for publishing the Administrative Science Quarterly.
The generated text is : A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States, a country with an ethnic groups of African American and a language of English (also spoken in Great Britain).
The generated text is : The English language is spoken in Great Britain and the United States where Native Americans are an ethnic group. A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the United States by Soho Press.
The generated text is : A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press, located in the United States. English is the main language of the U.S., and is also spoken in Great Britain. The U.S. has an ethnic group called Asian Americans.
The generated text is : A Severed Wasp is from the United States where the Native Americans are an ethnic group. The capital city is Washington DC and uses the English language which is also spoken in Great Britain.
The generated text is : The novel Into Battle is published in Australia. It is in a series of books including The Violet Keystone, Above The Veil, Aenir and Castle.
The generated text is : A Severed Wasp was written in the English language which is spoken in Great Britain. A severed Wasp originates from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and there is an ethnic group called Asian Americans.
The generated text is : A severed Wasp originates from the United States, a country with President Barack Obama, an ethnic group of Asian Americans, and a language of English (also spoken in Great Britain).
The generated text is : Barack Obama is the president of the US where there are many Asian Americans and the capital is Washington D. C. 1634 The Ram Rebellion was written in the U.S and is preceded by 1634: The Galileo Affair.
The generated text is : The demonym for people living in the United States is Americans and there is an ethnic group called African American. The leader of the United States is Barack Obama, the capital is Washington D. C. and 1634 The Ram Rebellion was written there.
The generated text is : English is spoken in Great Britain and the United States where there are many Asian Americans. A Wizard of Mars was published in the United States and the leader is the President.
The generated text is : The United States, whiere the inhabitants are known as Americans, is led by the President and has Asian Americans as an ethnic group. It is the location of Albany, part of the state of Georgia.
The generated text is : Alpharetta, is in Fulton County, Georgia, in the United States, a country where Native Americans are an ethnic group. The largest city in Fulton County is Atlanta.
The generated text is : The capital of the United States is Washington D.C, the language of this country is english. Amarillo, that its a beautiful place located in this country is part of Potter County in the state of Texas.
The generated text is : In Amarillo, Pottery County, Texas U.S. the native language is English. It is also spoken in the capital of Texas, Austin.
The generated text is : English is spoken in Texas, United States. Austin is the capital of Texas, which is also the location of Amarillo, Potter County.
The generated text is : Anderson, Indiana, is part of the Anderson Township and Fall Creek Township, Madison County in Indiana, U.S. Anderson has 523.9 people per square kilometer and an area of 107.43 square kilometres.
The generated text is : English is spoken in California, where you will find the city of Antioch, Contra Costa County, in the San Francisco Bay area. Antioch is governed by California's 11th State Assembly district.
The generated text is : Atlanta which is part of DeKalb County Georgia has a population of 1299.0 inhabitants per square kilometre, covers 344,9 square kilometres and total area is 347.1 sq KM has an area code of 404.
The generated text is : Attica, part of Logan Township, Indiana, United States, lies 166 above sea level and has a population density of 783.1 people for each of its 4.14 square kilometres.
The generated text is : The United States, where the capital is Washington DC, includes the ethnic group of African Americans. Auburn is located in the country and is part of Lee County in Alabama.
The generated text is : The population density of Auburn is 914.8 person for each of its 77.21 square kilometres. Auburn forms part of King County and Pierce County, both of Washington, United States.
The generated text is : Austin is part of Williamson County, in Texas, where English is a language spoken. Round Rock is the largest city in Williamson County and Georgetown is the county seat.
The generated text is : Texas, where English is spoken, is home to Austin and the largest city Houston. Austin is part of Hays County, which has San Marcos as its County seat.
The generated text is : One of the languages of Texas, the location of Austin in Hays County, is Spanish. The county seat is San Marcos but the largest city in Texas is Houston.
The generated text is : Alexandria, part of Madison County, Indiana is in the U.S. The capital of Indiana is Indianapolis. American English is spoken in that state.
The generated text is : Arlington is part of Tarrant County in Texas where Fort Worth is the county seat. Spanish is spoken in Texas where Houston is the largest city.
The generated text is : Tarrant County has its largest city as Fort Worth. Arlington, Tarrant County, Texas, and Austin (TX capital) is part of the United States.
The generated text is : New York City (NYC) is the largest U.S. city. Atlantic City, New Jersey are also part of the United States with its capital as Washington, DC and home to White Americans.
The generated text is : People who live in the US are referred to as Americans. The United States, where Washington DC is the capital, is home to an ethnic group called Native Americans and is where Albany, Linn County, Oregon is located.
The generated text is : One of the ethinic groups of the United states where Washington D.C. is capital is Asian Americans. Albany is a city in Oregon which is also located in the US.
The generated text is : Americans are the people occupying the US and one of the ethnic groups are the African Americans. English is the language spoken in the US. Angola is in Steuben County, Indiana, which is part of the United States.
The generated text is : Auburn is part of Lee County in Alabama in the U.S. The capital of the U.S. is Washington, D.C. and Native Americans are one ethnic group in that country.
The generated text is : Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama in the U.S. Opelika is the county seat in Lee County. Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States.
The generated text is : Newark, Trenton and Atlantic City are all part of New Jersey, within the United States (home of The Native Americans).
The generated text is : Albuquerque,New Mexico is located in the United States and English is the spoken language there.The leader of the United States is called the President whom was Barack Obama recently.
The generated text is : Americans live in the United States, where English is spoken and where Asian Americans are an ethnic group. The US is the location of Angola, which is in Steuben County, Indiana.
The generated text is : Barack Obama is leader of the United States, where the capital is Washington DC and where Native Americans are an ethnic group. The US is home to Akron, which is part of Summit County, Ohio.
The generated text is : Albany, Georgia is in the United States, a country led by the President of the United States and where the inhabitants are called Americans. One of the ethnic groups in the country are the African Americans.
The generated text is : The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument, established in 2000 was built at Seminary Ridge, Gettysburg Pennsylvania, USA and is a contributing property.
The generated text is : The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is found in the Adams County in Pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing property. Cumberland County, Pennsylvania is to the north of the Adams County. To the southeast lies Carroll County and to southwest lies Frederick County, both of Maryland.
The generated text is : Azerbaijan's leader is Artur Rasizade and his official title is Prime Minister of Azerbaijan. Baku is the capital and the Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial which is dedicated to the Ottoman army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku is located in the country.
The generated text is : Baku is the capital of Azerbaijan where the legislature is the National Assembly and the leader is Artur Rasizade. The country is the location of the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army who lost their lives in the battle of Baku.
The generated text is : Ahmet Davutoglu is the President of Turkey (the leader). While the capital of Turkey is Ankara, the largest city is Istanbul. Turkey is the location of the Ataturk monument (Izmir).
The generated text is : AWH Engineering College is located southeast of Mahe in Kuttikkattoor, Kerala, India. The College was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff.
The generated text is : The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli on Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main road, Bangalore 560090, and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar is the Director. There have been 700 Post Graduate students.
The generated text is : The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India has 700 postgraduate students. It is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University and its president is B.M.Reddy.
The generated text is : The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark is affiliated to the European University Association in Brussels. Denmark has a monarchy and its leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
The generated text is : The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor, India was established in 2001 and has a staff of 250. The country's largest city is Mumbai.
The generated text is : AWH Engineering College is located in Kerala India. Kochi is the leader of Kerala. Ganges is the main river in India and Mumbai is the largest city.
The generated text is : The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark was established in 1928 and it has 737 academic staff. The leader of Denmark is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
The generated text is : The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus is affiliated to the European University Association (headquarters in Brussels). Aarhus has a magistrate government. Aarhus has Mols to its northeast.
The generated text is : Baymax was created by American Duncan Rouleau and Steven T. Seagle. Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 which stars Alan Tudyk.
The generated text is : Italy is led by Pietro Grasso and is where AC Lumezzane play. Their manager is Michele Marcolini who is in the Vicenza Calcio club and plays for FC Bari 1908.
The generated text is : A.F.C. Blackpool is in Blackpool, which council is Labour, it has had Stuart Parker as their manager, whose football club was Stockport County F.C and is attached to Chesterfield football club.
The generated text is : S.S. Robur Siena are champions of Serie D. league in which AS Gubbio 1910 also play. This latter team has their ground in Italy where the Italian language is spoken and the leader is Sergio Mattarella.
The generated text is : Gus Poyet is in the Real Zaragoza club and previously played for Chelsea FC. He now manages AEK Athens who have their home ground at the Olympic Stadium (Athens) at Marousi.
The generated text is : AS Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where the Italian language is spoken and Pietro Grasso is the leader. The country is inhabited by Italians who have Rome as their capital city.
The generated text is : The capital of Rome is Italy whose language is Italian. The leader of the country is Sergio Mattarella and it is occupied by Italians. A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located there.
The generated text is : Arem-arem while more specific to java, is found nationwide in Indonesia, where the language is Indonesian. It is also where the currency is the Indonesian rupiah and Jusuf Kalla is a leader.
The generated text is : The Malaysian Chinese and Malay are ethnic groups in Malaysia where the capital is Kuala Lumpur. It is also where the food dish Asam pedas, which come from the region of Sumatra and the Malay Peninsula, is found.
The generated text is : Malays and Malaysian Indians are both ethnic groups in Malaysia, the capital city of which is Kuala Lumpur. Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia. It comes from the Sumatra and Malay Peninsula regions.
The generated text is : Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra in Malaysia, The capital of Malaysia is Kuala Lumpur and two of the ethnic group found here are the Malay and Malaysian Indian.
The generated text is : Asam pedas is a food from the Malay Peninsula region of Malaysia. Abu Zahar is a leader in Malaysia, where there are ethnic groups called the Malays and the Malaysian Indians.
The generated text is : Bacon Explosion comes from the Kansas City metropolitan area of the United States. Its main ingredients are bacon and sausage.
The generated text is : Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where one of the ethnic groups are White American and Paul Ryan is a leader. English is spoken there and the capital is Washington, D.C.
The generated text is : The bacon sandwich uses bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment, is also known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin. A variation is the BLT, and the country of origin is the United Kingdom.
The generated text is : The French language is spoken in France where the leaders are Manuel Valls and Gerard Larcher. Baked Alaska is from France but it's also served in Hong Kong.
The generated text is : An ingredient of bandeja paisa is lemon which belongs to the rutaceae family and falls under the order of rosids. Bandeja paisa is a dish from the Antioquia Department region and the department is located in Colombia.
The generated text is : Francois Hollande and Gerard Larcher are leaders in France, where the language is French. It is also where Barny cakes, made with sponge cake, are from.
The generated text is : Joko Widodo is the leader of Indonesia, where the dish batagor can be found. Batagor, Siomay (which contains peanut sauce) and Shumai are all variations of the same dish.
The generated text is : Batagor is found in Indonesia, where the leader is Joko Widodo. The dish is a variation of siomay and shumai (which contains shiitake).
The generated text is : Batagor is found in the country of Indonesia which is led by Jusuf Kalla. Shiitake is an ingredient of Shumai which is a variation of Bataho and Siomay.
The generated text is : Bhajji, alternative names: bhaji and bajji, originate from the Karnataka region of India and contain the main ingredients of gram flour and vegetables.
The generated text is : The Bhajji originates from the Karnataka region of India. The country's leader is T. S. Thakur and Vajubhai Vala is the leader of Karnataka.
The generated text is : Indian people enjoy the dish bhajji, which originates from the Karnataka region of India. This nation is led by T.S. Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan.
The generated text is : Bionico is a dessert dish from the Guadalajara region of Mexico and it includes the ingredients chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins.
The generated text is : Enrique Pena Nieto is the leader of Mexico which is where they speak Spanish and eat bionico, flavoured with honey, for dessert.
The generated text is : Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of Mexico, where the dish Bionico can be found in the Jalisco region. Bionico is a dessert dish and honey is used in one of its variants.
The generated text is : Felipe VI of Spain is the leader of Spain, whose main ethnic group is Spaniards. Arròs negre is a traditional dish from the Catalonia region of Spain, whose leader is Carles Puigdemont.
The generated text is : Italy is the country Amatriciana sauce comes from. The capital of the country is Rome, the language spoken is Italian and the leaders include Matteo Renzi and Laura Boldrini.
The generated text is : Amatriciana sauce comes from Italy, where Italians come from and Rome is the capital city. Sergio Mattarella and Laura Boldrini are leaders in Italy.
The generated text is : Matteo Renzi and Pietro Grasso are leaders in Italy where Italian is spoken. It is also where Rome is the capital and where Amatriciana sauce comes from.
The generated text is : The fried chicken dish Ayam penyet is made nationwide in Java (land of the Javanese), and can also be found in Malaysia and Singapore.
The generated text is : The Javanese people are an ethnic group of Java, where the dish Ayam penyet can be found. The dish is from Singapore, where Tony Tan is the leader and the English language is spoken.
The generated text is : Among the languages spoken in the Philippines are Arabic and Philippine Spanish. The Zamboangans are a group in the Philippines and another group is the Chinese Filipino. Batchoy comes from the Philippines.
The generated text is : Spain's major ethnic group is the Spaniards and the main spoken language is Spanish. Ajoblanco is one of the country's well-known food from the Andalusia region where Susana Diaz is the regional leader.
The generated text is : Ajoblanco is a Spanish dish that originates Andalusia, where the leader is Susana Diaz. Felipe VI is the leader of Spain, where the people that live there are called Spaniards.
The generated text is : The American test pilot Alan Bean (born in Wheeler, Texas) was selected by NASA in 1963. He is now retired.
The generated text is : Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and he was a member of the NASA Apollo 14 crew. He was awarded the United States Navy Distinguished Service Medal, which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
The generated text is : Though William Anders was born in British Hong Kong, he was a United States national. He served as a crew member on NASA operated Apollo 8 under commander Frank Borman.
The generated text is : Buzz Aldrin was born on January 20,1930 in Glen Ridge New Jersey. He was a United States national, worked as a fighter pilot and was a crew member on Apollo 11.
The generated text is : Buzz Aldrin was a US national who was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He was a fighter pilot and crew member on the Apollo 11 program organized by NASA.
The generated text is : Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, NJ. He graduated from MIT, Sc.D. in 1963. He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11. He is now retired.
The generated text is : Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, NJ. He was a member of the Apollo 11 crew, organized by NASA. He is now retired. William Anders was a backup pilot for Apollo 11.
The generated text is : Buzz Aldrin was born on January 20th, 1930. He was a crew member on NASA's Apollo 11. The backup pilot for Apollo 11 was William Anders. Aldrin has now retired.
The generated text is : Dianne Feinstein is senator of California, the state in which the gemstone Benitoite is found and the state Alan Shepard, NASA's Apollo 14 crew member, died in.
The generated text is : Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire (United States) and died in California. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy, which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
The generated text is : William Anders is an American who was born in British Hong Kong. He became a fighter pilot and later a member of the crew on Apollo 8. He retired on 1 September 1969.
The generated text is : The location of Aarhus Airport is Tirstrup, part of the Central Denmark region, in Denmark. Where the leader is Margrethe II of Denmark and where the language is Faroese.
The generated text is : Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport, operated by ENAIRE, is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastian de los Reyes and Alcobendas. It is located 610 metres above sea level and has a runway name of 14L/32R which is 4100.0 in length.
The generated text is : The runway length at Agra airport in India is 1818 and the ICAO location identifier is VIAG. The airport is operated by the Indian Air Force and is 167.94 metres above sea level.
The generated text is : Al Asad airbase is in Iraq and is operated by the United States Air Force. the ICAO location identifier is ORAA and the runway, which is called 08/26 has a length of 3990.
The generated text is : Al Asad air base has a runway name of 08/26 which is 3992.8 in length. It is situated in the Al Anbar Province of Iraq, is operated by the United States Air Force and has the ICAO location identifier ORAA.
The generated text is : The Lockheed AC-130 can be found on USAF aircraft carriers and the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III is a transport aircraft of the United States Air Force. The airforce also has the aircraft fighter the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon. The 1986 United States bombing of Libya was carried out by the United States Air Force which now operates Al Asad Airbase.
The generated text is : Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who were involved in battles at the invasion of Grenada and during Operation Enduring Freedom. They deploy the Lockheed AC-130 as an attack aircraft and the Lockheed C-130 Hercules as a transport aircraft.
The generated text is : Alderney Airport is 88 metres above sea level and serves the city of Alderney. It has a 1st runway made of poaceae which is named 08/26 and has a length of 733.0.
The generated text is : Operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority and located in Pakistan, is Allama Iqbal International Airport. This airport; serves the city of Lahore, has a runway length of 3310.0 and a runway with the name 18L/36R.
The generated text is : Allama Iqbal International Airport in Punjab, Pakistan, serves the city of Lahore and is operated by Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. The airport runway name is 18R/36L and it is 2900.0 in length.
The generated text is : Alpena County Regional Airport, which serves Alpena is found in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan in the U.S.A. The airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway that is 1,533 long.
The generated text is : Serving the city of Aplena and located in Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan, is Alpena County Regional Airport. It is 210 metres above sea level, has a runway with the name 7/25 and a runway that is 1533.0 long.
The generated text is : In Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan and serving Alpena, is Alpena County Regional Airport. This airport is 210 metres above sea level, has the runway name 1/19 and a runway length of 2744.0.
The generated text is : Alpena County Regional Airport serving Alpena, Michigan, is located in Wilson Township, Alpena County, USA. The airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533.0.
The generated text is : Located in Ícolo e Bengo, Angola International Airport serves Luanda. The airport is 159 metres above the sea level, has a runway length of 3800 and the runway name, 05L/23R.
The generated text is : Nikos Voutsis and Alexis Tsipras are leaders in Greece where the Greek language is spoken. The city of Athens, located in the country, is served by Athens International Airport.
The generated text is : Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens, in Greek speaking Greece. Two of the leaders of which are Alexis Tsipras and Prokopis Pavlopoulos.
The generated text is : Atlantic City International Airport serves Atlantic City in New Jersey which is led by Don Guardian. It is located at Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States.
The generated text is : Philippe of Belgium and Charles Michel are leaders in Belgium, the capital city of which is Brussels. In Belgium is Antwerp which is served by Antwerp International Airport.
The generated text is : The ICAO location identifier for Atlantic City International Airport is KACY. It is located at Egg Harbor Township, Atlantic County, New Jersey in the United States.
The generated text is : Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Lake Placid, part of New York, and also the city of Saranac Lake, part of Harrietstown, New York, United States.
The generated text is : A part of both Harrietstown and Essex county, in New York (United States), the the city of Saranac Lake is served by Adirondack Regional Airport. the same airport also serves the city of Lake Placid, New York.
The generated text is : Uttar Pradesh is part of both Awadh and Bundelkhand. It is the location of Agra airport which is operated by the Indian Air Force who use the HAL Light Combat helicopter.
The generated text is : The HAL Light Combat Helicopter is a Helicopter used by the Indian Air Force which operates Agra Airport. This airport is located in Uttar Pradesh (part of Bundelkhand), where Ram Naik is the leader.
The generated text is : Iraq is led by Haider al-Abadi and Fuad Masum and uses the Arabic language. The country is the location of Al-Taqaddum air base in Fallujah.
The generated text is : The 200 Public Square was completed in 1985 in Cuyahoga County, Cleveland, Ohio, United States.
The generated text is : Construction of 250 Delaware Avenue, Buffalo, New York, began in January 2014 in the postmodernist style of architecture. The building has 12 floors with a total area of 30843.8 square metres.
The generated text is : 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, Illinois, United States. The leader of Chicago is Rahm Emanuel and the capital of the state of Illinois is Springfield.
The generated text is : AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is located in Denmark, where Faroese is spoken, and the leader is Margrethe II of Denmark. The hotel's current tenant is the Marriott International Hotel, which was founded in Washington, D.C.
The generated text is : Marriott International was founded in Washington, D.C. and is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen which is in Denmark where Greenlandic is one of the languages spoken there. Bill Marriott is one of the key employees of Marriott International.
The generated text is : AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is in Denmark where the leader is Lars Løkke Rasmussen and Greenlandic is one of the languages spoken there. The tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is the Marriott International Hotel which was founded in Washington, D.C.
The generated text is : The Adare Manor is in the Republic of Ireland, which leader is Enda Kenny. The architect is Augustus Pugin, who was born in Bloomsbury. One of the significant buildings designed by Augustus Pugin is the Palace Of Westminster.
The generated text is : Addis Ababa City Hall is 42m high and has a 140000.0 (square metres) floor area. Construction began in 1961 and it was completed in 1964. The current tenants are the Government of Addis Ababa.
The generated text is : Akita Museum of Art is an art museum at 1-4-2 Nakadori, Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan. It was constructed with 3 floors.
The generated text is : The Chinese are one of the ethnic groups in Japan which is led by Taro Aso. The country is the location of the Akita Museum of Art found in Akita, Akita Prefecture.
The generated text is : Alan B. Miller Hall was designed by Robert A.M. Stern; it is located in Virginia and it is owned by the College of William and Mary. Its current tenants are the Mason School of Business in the US.
The generated text is : Gujarat in India is led by the Gujarat Legislative Assembly and is the location of Amdavad ni Gufa in Ahmedabad. Sumitra Mahajan is known as an Indian leader.
The generated text is : The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe, but in the Eastern Province it is Austin Fernando. This is where the Ampara Hospital is located in Ampara District.
The generated text is : Ranil Wickremesinghe is the leader of Sri Lanka whose capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte. Ampara Hospital is in the Eastern Province which is governed by the Eastern Provincial Council.
The generated text is : Julia Morgan, who was born in San Francisco, was the architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds, the Los Angeles Herald examiner building (a landmark in California), Hearst Castle and the Asilomar State Beach.
The generated text is : Julia Morgan, the architect, was born in San Francisco and some of her significant projects include Asilomar Conference Grounds, The Riverside Art Museum, Hearst Castle and Asilomar State Beach.
The generated text is : The Asser Levy Public Baths are in New York City in the U.S. New York City has a leader called Cyrus Vance Jr. and it is part of Manhattan and New Netherland.
The generated text is : John Madin, the architect who designed 103 Colmore Row, was born in Birmingham. The postal code of that area is B. and the governing body is the Birmingham City Council. Labour politician, John Clancy is the leader the area.
The generated text is : 250 Delaware Avenue can be found in the United States, where the leader is Barack Obama and he has the title President of the United States. John Roberts is a leader in the US and the capital of the country is Washington DC.
The generated text is : The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located at Seminary Ridge, in Adams County, Pennsylvania, USA. The monument was completed in 2000. It is classified as a Contributing property.
The generated text is : The location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in Adams County, Pennsylvania. which has Franklin County to the west and Carroll County Maryland to the southeast. Cumberland County lies to the north with Frederick County, Maryland to the southwest. The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is a contributing property.
The generated text is : Baku is the capital of Azerbaijan which has Artur Rasizade as its leader. The country is the location of the Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial, designed in red granite and white marble by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner. The memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku.
The generated text is : The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial (designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner) is located in Baku, Azerbaijan. It is made from red granite and white marble. It is dedicated to the Ottoman Army Soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. The native name for the memorial is Türk Şehitleri Anıtı. The leader of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade.
The generated text is : The U.S.A.'s 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument in Frederick County, Maryland is in the Monocacy National Battlefield. It's in a historic district and was established om July 11th, 1907.
The generated text is : Alan Bean is an American born on March 15, 1932 in Wheeler, Texas. He was a test pilot and spent a total of 100305 minutes in space. He is now retired.
The generated text is : Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He was a crew member of Apollo 14 which is operated by NASA. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal in the US Navy, which is higher than the Dept of Commerce Gold Medal.
The generated text is : Apollo 12 was operated by NASA. It had many crew members, including: its backup pilot, Alfred Worden; its crew member Alan Bean (Alan LaVern Bean, retired June 1981) and David Scott, who was the commander.
The generated text is : Buzz Aldrin was an American fighter pilot who was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. In 1963, he graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963 and was selected by NASA to be part of the Apollo 11 crew.
The generated text is : Buzz Aldrin was born on 20th January 1930 in Glen Ridge New Jersey. He graduated from MIT in 1963 and was a member of the Apollo 11 crew, operated by NASA. The back up pilot was William Anders.
The generated text is : Buzz Aldrin was an American born in Glen Ridge New Jersey. He was a fighter pilot and a member of the Apollo 11 crew. William Anders was the backup pilot and the mission was operated by NASA.
The generated text is : Buzz Aldrin was born on January 20, 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey.He graduated from MIT with a Sc. D in 1963, in the same year when he was selected by NASA.Buzz was a member of the Apollo 11 crew as a fighter pilot.
The generated text is : Many interesting facts can be found about California: Alan Shepard -recipient of the United States Navy Distinguished Service Medal (ranked higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal) - passed away in this state. It is also the finding place of the Smilodon fossil and home to the gemstone Benitoite. One of California's senators is Dianne Feinstein.
The generated text is : William Anders is a US citizen, who was born in British Hong Kong and graduated from AFIT, M.S. in 1962. He is a retired test pilot, retiring on 1.09.1969. He was a crew member on Apollo 8.
The generated text is : William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and served as a crew member on Apollo 8 along with Frank Borman. NASA operated Apollo 8, where Buzz Aldrin was a back up pilot. Anders retired on Sept 1, 1969.
The generated text is : William Anders, retired, was a member of NASA's Apollo 8 after graduating from AFIT in 1962 with an MS. Buzz Aldrin was a back up pilot and Frank Borman a crew member.
The generated text is : Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio, Switzerland has 100 employees, was established in 1996 and is overseen by Dean Mario Botta. The school's location is Ticino.
The generated text is : The Acharya Institute of Technology's campus is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Karnataka, Bangalore - 560090, India. It has 700 postgraduate students and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The generated text is : Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India was established in 2000 and its president is B.M. Reddy. The school is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and its full address is In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.
The generated text is : The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus Universuty in Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association, which has its HQ in Brussels. Denmark has a monarch; its religion is the Church of Denmark and its leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
The generated text is : The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University, in Aarhus Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association which is headquartered in Brussels. The school's dean is Thomas Pallesen and the country is led by Lars Løkke Rasmussen.
The generated text is : The AWH Engineering College in Kerala, India was established in 2001. The Ganges is a river in India and its largest city is Mumbai. The leader of Kerala is Kochi.
The generated text is : The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania. Romania's capital is Bucharest; its leader is Klaus Iohannis and its patron saint is Andrew the Apostle. The ethnic group is the Germans of Romania and the anthem is Desteapta-te, romane!
The generated text is : The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark was established in 1928. It has 16,000 students and 737 academic staff. The leader of Denmark is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
The generated text is : The lira is the official currency of Turkey where Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader. Although the largest city is Istanbul the capital city is Ankara. The country is the location of the bronze Ataturk in Izmir which was inaugurated on 27 July 1932.
The generated text is : The Ataturk Monument is a bronze monument designed by Pietro Canonica, and inaugurated on July 27th, 1932. It is located in Izmir, in Turkey, a country where the capital is Ankara, and the leader is the President of Turkey, Ahmet Davutoglu.
The generated text is : Inaugurated on the 27th of July, 1932, The Ataturk Monument (Izmir) is located in Turkey. The largest city is Istanbul, and the capital is Ankara. The country's president is Ahmet Davutoglu, and the currency is the Turkish Lira.
The generated text is : Switzerland is led by the Federal Chancellor and is the location of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in the city of Mendrisio. The Accademia was established in 1996 and is led by the Dean, Mario Botta. There are 700 students and 100 academic staff.
The generated text is : Bangalore in the state of Karnataka, India is the location of the Acharya Institute of Technology established in the year 2000. The motto of the Institute is "Nurturing Excellence" , the Director is Dr G P Prabhukumar and the President is B M Reddy.
The generated text is : The Acharya Institute of Technology in Karnataka state was given Technical Campus status by All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai. The school offers tennis which is governed by the International Tennis Federation. Karnataka has the Arabian Sea to its west and in the northeast is Telangana.
The generated text is : The Germans of Romania are one of the ethnic groups in Romania which is led by Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis and has the anthem "Desteapta-te , romane!". The capital city of Romania is Bucharest but the 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in the city of Alba Iulia.
The generated text is : The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association. The school was created in 1928, has 737 employees and its dean is Thomas Pallesen. Denmark's leader is Lars Løkke Rasmussen.
The generated text is : Denmark is led by the Monarchy of Demark and the currente leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen. The city of Aarhus has a magistrate type of government and is the location of the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark. The School is affiliated with the European University Association in Brussels.
The generated text is : The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus, Denmark and it was established in 1928. Its dean is Thomas Pallesen and it has 16,000 students. Its Latin name is "Universitas Aarhusiensis". It is affiliated to the European University Association.
The generated text is : Alan Bean was born on March 15, 1932 in Wheeler, Texas and is American. He graduated from UT Austin with a BSc. in 1955. He worked as a test pilot and as a member of Apollo 12. Bean is retired.
The generated text is : Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th, 1923. He graduated from NWC in 1957 with an M.A. He was selected by NASA in 1959 and he was a test pilot. He died in California.
The generated text is : Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas and is an American. He was a crew member of Apollo 12 and a test pilot which was operated by NASA. Apollo 12 was commanded by David Scott and Alfred Worden was the backup pilot.
The generated text is : Edwin E. Aldrin, Jr. was better known by his nickname of Buzz Aldrin and as a test pilot he was picked to crew Apollo 11 by NASA in 1963. Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on January 20th,1930 and in 1963 he graduated from MIT with a Sc. D.
The generated text is : American Buzz Aldrin was a fighter pilot who later joined the Apollo 11 program where he spent 52 minutes in space. Aldrin was born January 20th, 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and in 1963 he graduated from MIT with a Sc. D.
The generated text is : Buzz Aldrin is a US national, who was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on the 20th January 1930. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He was a member of the Apollo Crew and received 20 awards. He is now retired.
The generated text is : Buzz Aldrin, a US national, was born on 20 January 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He has now retired after a career which included being selected in 1963 by NASA and serving on Apollo 11 as a member of the crew.
The generated text is : Buzz Aldrin is an American born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He was a member of Apollo 11, which was run by NASA and where William Anders was his backup pilot. He also graduated from MIT in 1963 with a Sc. D. Aldrin is retired.
The generated text is : William Anders was born on the 17th of October in 1933 in British Hong Kong. He was a member on Apollo 8 as a fighter pilot. He retired on the 1st of September in 1969.
The generated text is : William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and is a U.S Citizen. William was a member of the Apollo 8 crew (along with Frank Borman) which was operated by NASA's backup pilot Buzz Aldrin. William retired on September 1st in 1969.
The generated text is : Test pilot William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on October 17th, 1933. After joining NASA in 1963, he served as a crew member of Apollo 8. When he retired on September 1st, 1969 his total space time was 8820.0 minutes.
The generated text is : Aaron S Daggett was awarded the Purple Heart.
The generated text is : The Battle of Mine Run was one fought by Aaron S Daggett.
The generated text is : Stellendam, Netherlands is the birthplace of Ab Klink.
The generated text is : Abdul Rahman Ya'kub was in office while Tuanku Bujang Tuanku Othman was Vice President.
The generated text is : Abdul Taib Mahmud belongs to the party of Parti Bumiputera Sarawak.
The generated text is : Abdul Taib Mahmud's successor was Sulaiman Abdul Rahman Taib.
The generated text is : Abdulsalami Abubakar ended his career on 1999-05-29.
The generated text is : Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Minna.
The generated text is : Abdulsalami Abubakar's birthplace was Niger State.
The generated text is : Abner W. Sibal ended his military career January 3, 1965.
The generated text is : Abner W Sibal died in Alexandria, Virginia.
The generated text is : Adam Holloway was born in Kent.
The generated text is : Adam Holloway's residence is Gravesend.
The generated text is : The alma mater of Adenan Satem is the University of Adelaide.
The generated text is : Adolf Schärf's place of birth was Mikulov.
The generated text is : Adonis Georgiadis was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister.
The generated text is : Adonis Georgiadis worked as Deputy Minister for Development, Competitiveness and Shipping.
The generated text is : Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendorf.
The generated text is : Marietta, Ohio was the birthplace of Agnes Ward White.
The generated text is : Airey Neave started his career on 30th June 1953.
The generated text is : Airey Neave was awarded the Military Cross.
The generated text is : Knightsbridge, London is the birthplace of Airey Neave.
The generated text is : Airey Neave's military rank is Lieutenant Colonel.
The generated text is : Airey Neave began his military career in 1935.
The generated text is : Albert B.White is a member of the Republican Party of the United States.
The generated text is : The spouse of Albert B. White was Agnes Ward White.
The generated text is : Albert Jennings Fountain served in the Union Army.
The generated text is : Alberto Teisaire's nationality is Argentinian.
The generated text is : Alberto Teisaire was a Rear Admiral in the Argentine Navy.
The generated text is : Alfons Gorbach's place of death was in Austria.
The generated text is : Alfred Moore Scales started his career on 1875-03-04.
The generated text is : Alfred Moore Scales took part in the Battle of Chancellorsville.
The generated text is : Darien, Connecticut is the birthplace of Alfred N. Phillips.
The generated text is : Alfred N Phillips was Mayor of Stamford, Connecticut.
The generated text is : Allan Shivers started his career from January 21, 1947.
The generated text is : Allan Shivers served in the United States Army.
The generated text is : Allan Shivers had the successor Price Daniel.
The generated text is : Alvah Sabin was an active politician beginning March 4, 1853.
The generated text is : Alvah Sabin was a member of the United States Whig Party.
The generated text is : Robert E Lee was a commander in the American Civil War.
The generated text is : In Austria, the language is Austrian German.
The generated text is : Robert E Lee was commander in the Battle of Antietam.
The generated text is : The Battle of Cold Harbor took place during the American Civil War.
The generated text is : Gabriela Michetti is a leader in Buenos Aires.
The generated text is : Colin Powell was a commander in the Gulf War.
The generated text is : Dwight D. Eisenhower was the predecessor to John F. Kennedy.
The generated text is : The University of Vienna is the Alma mater of Josef Klaus.
The generated text is : Francisco Franco was the predecessor of Juan Carlos I of Spain.
The generated text is : Juan Perón was a member of the Labour Party in Argentina.
The generated text is : The leader of the Netherlands is Mark Rutte.
The generated text is : The United States Army was involved in battles in the Spanish-American War.
The generated text is : The birthplace of William M. O. Dawson was Bloomington Maryland.
The generated text is : Dodge Coronet is the alternative name for the 1955 Dodge.
The generated text is : The 1955 Dodge engine is 230 cubic inches.
The generated text is : The A-Rosa Luna was christened on the 7th of April 2005.
The generated text is : The location of AIDA Cruises is Rostock.
The generated text is : AIDA Cruises is the operator of the AIDAluna.
The generated text is : The AIDAstella was christened on the 16th of March, 2013.
The generated text is : The AIDAstella was completed on March 11th 2013.
The generated text is : The AIDAstella had its maiden voyage on March 17, 2013.
The generated text is : The ship AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruises.
The generated text is : The launch site of ALV X-1 was Mid Atlantic Regional Spaceport.
The generated text is : The AMC Matador is also known as American Motors Matador.
The generated text is : The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) was sold to the Netherlands on the 1st of April 1948.
The generated text is : The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé has a straight-four engine.
The generated text is : The Acura TLX has a Honda K engine.
The generated text is : The Acura TLX has an AWD vehicle layout.
The generated text is : The Acura TLX is related to the Honda Accord.
The generated text is : The transmission of the Acura TLX is a 9-speed ZF 9HP automatic (V6).
The generated text is : The Alfa Romeo 164 was assembled in Arese.
The generated text is : Alfa Romeo 164 and Lancia Thema are related types of transportation.
The generated text is : The Alfa Romeo 164 has a 4-speed automatic (ZF 4HP18QE) transmission.
The generated text is : The Alhambra was built by the Samuda Brothers.
The generated text is : The Alhambra ship beam is 8.3m.
The generated text is : The Alhambra had wrecked.
The generated text is : The Alhambra had a top speed of 18.52 km/h.
The generated text is : Alvis Speed 25 has a straight-six engine.
The generated text is : Production, of the Alvis Speed 25, began in 1937.
The generated text is : The American submarine NR-1 has a ship draft of 4.6m.
The generated text is : The Antares rocket's final flight was on the 28th October 2014.
The generated text is : The Antares rocket was launched at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0.
The generated text is : Gabriela Michetti is the leader of Argentina.
The generated text is : Guiana Space Centre was the launch site of the Ariane 5.
The generated text is : The Ariane 5 had its first voyage August 11, 2005.
The generated text is : The Aston Martin V8 is a convertible.
The generated text is : The manufacturer of the Aston Martin V8 is the Aston Martin.
The generated text is : The Aston Martin Virage is made by the company Aston Martin.
The generated text is : Atlas II had its final flight on March 16th 1998.
The generated text is : Atlas II was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base.
The generated text is : Audi was founded by August Horch.
The generated text is : The Audi A1 is assembled by Audi Brussels.
The generated text is : The Seat Ibiza and the Audi A1 are both cars and therefore a related means of transportation.
The generated text is : Caterpillar Inc. is located in Peoria, Illinois.
The generated text is : Costa Crociere is located in Genoa.
The generated text is : The DeSoto Custom and Chrysler Newport are related types of transport.
The generated text is : The Fiat Croma is related to the Alfa Romeo 164.
The generated text is : Germans are the people of Germany.
The generated text is : Norbert Lammert is a leader in Germany.
The generated text is : The leader of Germany is Stanislaw Tillich.
The generated text is : Gruppo Bertone was founded by Giovanni Bertone.
The generated text is : The Guiana Space Centre has its headquarters at Kourou in French Guiana.
The generated text is : The manufacturer of the Honda K engine is Honda.
The generated text is : The Star Spangled Banner is the national anthem of the united States.
The generated text is : Native Americans are on of the ethnic groups in the United States.
The generated text is : The Chairman of A C Milan is Silvio Berlusconi.
The generated text is : Aaron Boogaard's birthplace is Canada.
The generated text is : Aaron Hunt played for the club SV Werder Bremen.
The generated text is : Abel Hernandez is in the Uruguay Olympic football team.
The generated text is : Abel Hernandez's club is the Uruguay National football team.
The generated text is : The footballer Abner was born in Brazil.
The generated text is : Adam Maher's birthplace is Diemen.
The generated text is : Adam Maher was born in the Netherlands.
The generated text is : Adam Maher played for the Netherlands national under-17 football team.
The generated text is : Adam Maher's club is PSV Eindhoven.
The generated text is : Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for the Iraq national football team.
The generated text is : Akeem Adams was born in Point Fortin.
The generated text is : Akeem Dent's former team is the Atlanta Falcons.
The generated text is : Akeem Priestley's club is the Connecticut Huskies.
The generated text is : Al-Khor Sports Club is in the Qatar Stars League.
The generated text is : Basim Qasim is the manager of Al-Zawra'a SC.
The generated text is : Al Kharaitiyat SC play in the Qatar Stars League.
The generated text is : Alaa Abdul-Zahra was born in Baghdad.
The generated text is : Alaa Abdul-Zahra's club is Sanat Mes Kerman F.C.
The generated text is : Alan Martin played football for Hamilton Academical F.C.
The generated text is : Alan Martin is a footballer with the Scotland national under-19 football team club.
The generated text is : Aleksander Barkov Jr's birthdate is 1995-09-02.
The generated text is : Aleksander Barkov Jr has played for the Florida Panthers.
The generated text is : Aleksander Barkov Jr is 1.905m tall.
The generated text is : Aleksander Barkov Jr played in the National Hockey League.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudnikov's date of birth is 1989-02-24.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Amkar Perm.
The generated text is : Aleksandre Guruli was born in Batumi.
The generated text is : Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Samtredia.
The generated text is : Aleksandre Guruli's club is the Georgia national under 21 football team.
The generated text is : Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.S. Roma.
The generated text is : Alessio Romagnoli plays for the A.S. Roma youth team.
The generated text is : Alex Plante was born in Manitoba.
The generated text is : Alex Tyus's league is the Turkish Basketball Super League.
The generated text is : Atlanta Falcons play in Atlanta.
The generated text is : Don Sweeney is general manager for the Boston Bruins.
The generated text is : Budapest is a city in Hungary.
The generated text is : English is the language spoken in Canada.
The generated text is : In Canada, the language is Slavey.
The generated text is : The Columbus Blue Jackets' city is Columbus, Ohio.
The generated text is : Oleh Luzhny is the manager of FC Karpaty Lviv.
The generated text is : Valery Petrakov is the manager of FC Torpedo Moscow.
The generated text is : Gábor Kubatov is the chairman of Ferencvárosi TC.
The generated text is : The language of Finland is the Finnish language.
The generated text is : The coach of the Italian national under 16 football team is Daniele Zoratto.
The generated text is : Maccabi Ashdod BC's coach is Zvi Sherf.
The generated text is : Motherwell FC's ground is Fir Park.
The generated text is : Jean-Michel Aulas is the owner of Olympique Lyonnais.
The generated text is : The St. Louis Rams are based in the city of St. Louis.
The generated text is : Tennessee Titans are based in Nashville, Tennessee.
The generated text is : Aaron Bertram started performing in 1998.
The generated text is : Aaron Deer collaborates with The Horns of Happiness.
The generated text is : Aaron Deer has been signed to the record label Kill Rock Stars.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner falls in the genre of avant-garde metal music.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner plays progressive metal music.
The generated text is : Abradab has a background as a solo singer.
The generated text is : Abradab was born on November 12th 1978.
The generated text is : The birth place of Abradab is Poland.
The generated text is : The musical genre of Abradab is hip hop music.
The generated text is : Agustín Barboza plays Guarania style of music.
The generated text is : Ahmet Ertegun was born in Istanbul, Turkey.
The generated text is : Alan Frew is a performer of rock music.
The generated text is : Albennie Jones has worked with the musical artist Sammy Price.
The generated text is : Aleksandra Kovac is a solo singer.
The generated text is : Aleksandra Kovac was born in Yugoslavia.
The generated text is : The musical genre of Aleksandra Kovac is rhythm and blues.
The generated text is : Aleksandra Kovač's genre is soul music.
The generated text is : The musical genre of Alex Day is Synthpop.
The generated text is : Alfredo Zitarrosa is associated with fellow musician Héctor Numa Moraes.
The generated text is : Montevideo is the birth place of Alfredo Zitarrosa.
The generated text is : Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Uruguay.
The generated text is : Alfredo Zitarrosa was signed to the RCA Records label.
The generated text is : Alison O'Donnell started performing in 1963.
The generated text is : Alison O'Donnell plays jazz music.
The generated text is : Alison O'Donnell is a singer and also plays the bodhran, percussion and autoharp.
The generated text is : Allen Forrest was born on February 4, 1981.
The generated text is : Allen Forrest plays pop music.
The generated text is : The location of Alligator Records is Chicago.
The generated text is : Anders Osborne is associated with the musical artist Johnny Sansone.
The generated text is : Anders Osborne performs rhythm and blues music.
The generated text is : Anders Osborne was signed to the record label 'Alligator Records'.
The generated text is : Andra is a rhythm and blues singer.
The generated text is : Andrew Rayel began his musical career in 2009.
The generated text is : Andrew Rayel is associated with Christian Burns.
The generated text is : The birth place of Andrew Rayel is Chisinau, Moldova.
The generated text is : The musician, Andrew White, is associated with the musical artist, Marry Banilow.
The generated text is : Andrew White is a musician signed to the record label B-Unique Records.
The generated text is : Asunción is a part of Gran Asunción.
The generated text is : Christian Burns plays the guitar.
The generated text is : Hip hop music has the sub genre Gangsta rap.
The generated text is : Hip hop music originated from funk music.
The generated text is : The stylistic origin of indie rock is new wave music.
The generated text is : Manchester is part of Greater Manchester.
The generated text is : Polydor Records are based in London.
The generated text is : The distribution company for RCA Records is Sony Music Entertainment.
The generated text is : Rock and roll music originated from blues music.
The generated text is : Synthpop is a form of pop music.
The generated text is : People from the United Kingdom are called British people.
The generated text is : (19255) 1994 VK8 has a density of 2.0 grams per cubic centimetre.
The generated text is : (29075) 1950 DA was discovered by Carl A Wirtanen.
The generated text is : (410777) 2009 FD has an absolute magnitude of 22.1.
The generated text is : (410777) 2009 FD has an apoapsis of 259776702.47055 kilometres.
The generated text is : (66063) 1998 RO1 has an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 kilometres.
The generated text is : 66063 1998 RO1 has an epoch date of 4 November 2013.
The generated text is : 1000 Piazzia has an escape velocity of 0.0252 kilometres per second.
The generated text is : 1001 Gaussia was formerly known as 1923 OAA907 XC.
The generated text is : the maximum temperature of 1001 Gaussia is 165 kelvins.
The generated text is : 101 Helena has an apoapsis of 441092000.0 (kilometres).
The generated text is : The epoch of 101 Helena is 2006-12-31.
The generated text is : 101 Helena has a mass of 3.0 kgs.
The generated text is : 1036 Ganymed has an average speed of 16.86 km per sec.
The generated text is : 103 Hera has an absolute magnitude of 7.66.
The generated text is : 103 Hera's mass is 7.9kg.
The generated text is : The asteroid called 107 Camilla has an absolute magnitude of 7.08.
The generated text is : 107 Camilla was discovered by A Storrs.
The generated text is : 1089 Tama had the former name of "A894 VA; A904 VD;".
The generated text is : 1089 Tama has an orbital period of 1202.846 days.
The generated text is : 1097 Vicia has an average speed of 17.92 kilometres per second.
The generated text is : The epoch of 1097 Vicia is on 13 January 2016.
The generated text is : The rotation period of 1097 Vicia is 95040.0.
The generated text is : Christian Heinrich Friedrich Peters was the discoverer of 109 Felicitas.
The generated text is : 109 Felicitas has a periapsis of 283326000000.0.
The generated text is : The average speed of 10 Hygiea is 16.76 km per secs.
The generated text is : The periapsis of 1101 Clematis is 445895000000.0.
The generated text is : 110 Lydia has an epoch date of December 31st 2006.
The generated text is : 11264 Claudiomaccone has a temperature of 173.0 (kelvins).
The generated text is : James Craig Watson's alma mater was the University of Michigan.
The generated text is : N R Pogson was born in Nottingham.
The generated text is : Aaron S. Daggett fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg and received the Purple Heart.
The generated text is : Aaron S Daggett fought at the Battle of Gettysburg and was awarded the Purple Heart.
The generated text is : Stephen Yong Kuet Tze is Abdul Rahman Ya'kub's deputy. Abdul Taib Mahmud was Abdul Rahman Ya'kub's successor.
The generated text is : Abdul Taid Mahmud was born in Sarawak and is part of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu.
The generated text is : Abdulsalami Abubakar, was born in Minna, and has the Technical Institute Kaduna, for an almar mater.
The generated text is : Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State and was the Chief of the Defence Staff in Nigeria.
The generated text is : Al-Amin Daggash was succeeded as Chief of the Defence Staff in Nigeria by Abdulsalami Abubakar.
The generated text is : Abdulsalami Abubakar, ended his career on 1999-05-29, and was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo.
The generated text is : Abdulsalami Abubakar was also in office while Mr. Mike Akhigbe was Vice President. Olusegun Obasanjo succeeded Mr. Abubaka.
The generated text is : Joseph Stalin was a commander in World War II in which Abner W Sibal also fought.
The generated text is : Abner W. Sibal serve in the United States army which took part in the Korean War.
The generated text is : Adam Holloway went to school at Magdalene College Cambridge and was born in Kent.
The generated text is : Born in Kent, Adam Holloway now lives in Gravesend.
The generated text is : Adam Koc, who won the Virtuti Militari award, fought in World War I.
The generated text is : Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens and has been the Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of the Popular Orthodox Rally.
The generated text is : Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece.
The generated text is : Born in Greece, Adonis Georgiadis, worked as the Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally.
The generated text is : Agnes Kant, born in Hessisch Oldendorf, worked as the Parliamentary group leader.
The generated text is : Airey Neave served in the Royal Artillery Unit and was awarded the Military Cross.
The generated text is : Airey Neave was part of the Battle of France but started his career on March 4th, 1974.
The generated text is : Airey Neave was involved in the Battle of France in which Hugo Sperrle was a commander.
The generated text is : Airey Neave, who was born in Kinightsbridge, fought in World War II.
The generated text is : Airey Neave fought in World War II where Franklin D. Roosevelt was a commander.
The generated text is : Airey Neave fought in World War II during which Joseph Stalin was a commander.
The generated text is : Albert B White was born on 22nd September 1856 and died in 1941.
The generated text is : Born 22nd September, 1856, Albert B. White's profession was politician.
The generated text is : Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York City an died in Dona Ana County, New Mexico.
The generated text is : Albert Jennings Fountain passed away in the New Mexico Territory. He was in office while Edmund J. Davis was Vice President.
The generated text is : New York City is the birthplace of Albert Jennings Fountain who is also a member of the Republican Party in the U.S.A.
The generated text is : Alberto Teisaire worked as the Provisional President of the Argentine Senate and was succeded by Isaac Rojas.
The generated text is : Alfons Gorbach's birthplace was Austria-Hungary.
The generated text is : Alfons Gorbach was born in the state of Tyrol, in Austria.
The generated text is : Alfred Moore Scales, Governor of North Carolina was succeeded by James W Reid.
The generated text is : Alfred Moore Scales was succeeded by Daniel Gould Fowle, his alma mater is Princeton University.
The generated text is : Alfred N. Phillips was part of the U.S. House of Representatives and he was born in Connecticut.
The generated text is : Alfred N. Phillips served in the United States Army which fought in the American Civil War.
The generated text is : Allan Shivers fought during World War II in which Joseph Stalin was a commander.
The generated text is : Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin, Texas and was a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 (Port Arthur).
The generated text is : Allan Shivers was part of the Texas State Senate District 4 for Port Arthur. Ben Ramsey succeeded him.
The generated text is : Alvah Sabin was born October 23, 1793 and worked as the secretary of the State of Vermont.
The generated text is : Agnes Kant's country is the Netherlands where the currency is the euro.
The generated text is : Agnes Kant lives in The Netherlands whose leader is Mark Rutte.
The generated text is : Albert B White died in Parkersburg, West Virginia, which is part of the United States.
The generated text is : Aaron Boogaard was born in Saskatchewan and his club is Wichita Thunder.
The generated text is : Abel Hernandez played for the club Penarol, which was managed by Jorge Orosmán da Silva.
The generated text is : Abel Hernandez plays for the US Citta de Palermo club and also played for Penarol.
The generated text is : Adam Maher is connected to the AZ Alkmaar club and plays for the Netherlands National club for players under 17.
The generated text is : Adam Maher's club is PSV Eindhoven and he played for the Netherlands national under-17 football team.
The generated text is : Ahmad Kadhim Assad clubs are Steel Azin FC and Al Shorta SC.
The generated text is : Akeem Adams played for Ferencvarosi TC, where the manager is Thomas Doll.
The generated text is : Akeem Adams plays for the Trinidad and Tobago National football team and the T&TEC Sports Club.
The generated text is : Akeem Ayers was number 39 in the draft pick and his former team was New England Patriots.
The generated text is : Akeem Ayers' former team was Tennessee Titans and he was number 39 in the draft pick.
The generated text is : Akeem Dent was born September 27, 1987.
The generated text is : Akeem Priestley's club is the Connecticut Huskies and he previously played for Sheikh Russel KC.
The generated text is : Akeem Priestley’s club is RoPS and he played for Sheikh Russel KC.
The generated text is : Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for Al-Khor Sports Club located in Al-Khor.
The generated text is : Alaa Abdul Zahra's club is AL Kharaitiyat SC managed by Amar Osim.
The generated text is : Former clubs of the footballer Alan Martin include Hamilton Academicals FC and Leeds United FC.
The generated text is : Alan Martin once played for Hamilton Academicals FC, which plays their home games at New Douglas Park.
The generated text is : Aleksander Barkov was born on 2 September 1995 and plays for the Florida Panthers.
The generated text is : Aleksander Barkov Jr . was born in Tampere, Finland and played with the Florida Panthers.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Chumakov has played for the club FC Torpedo Moscow, which is managed by Valery Petrakov.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudnikov's club is FC Spartak Moscow and he also plays for the FC Kuban Krasnodar club.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudinov plays for FC Tom Tomsk, which plays in the Russian National Football League.
The generated text is : Aleksandre Guruli played for FC Karpaty Lviv and FC Dinamo Batumi.
The generated text is : Alex Plante was born in 1989 in Manitoba.
The generated text is : Alex Tyus was born on the 8th January 1988 and plays for the club Pallacanestro Cantu.
The generated text is : Alex Tyus plays for the club, Maccabi Tel Aviv B.C which is in the Turkish Basketball Super league.
The generated text is : Alex Plante was born in Brandon, Manitoba, which is led by the Conservative Party of Canada.
The generated text is : Adam McQuaid was born in Canada where the national anthem is O Canada.
The generated text is : Adam McQuaid was born in Canada where the English language is spoken.
The generated text is : Aleksandre Guruli played for FC Dinamo Batumi managed by Levan Khomeriki.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudnikov played with the Spartak Moscow FC whose playing ground is the Otkrytiye Arena.
The generated text is : Akeem Priestley’s club is RoPS which plays in the Veikkausliiga.
The generated text is : Akeem Adams played for United Petrotrin FC whose ground is Palo Seco Velodrome.
The generated text is : Guitarist Aaron Deer plays Psychedelia.
The generated text is : Aaron Deer is from Indiana in the United States.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner performs electroacoustic music and played with the band Twilight.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner sings for a living and uses the musical genre Avant-garde metal.
The generated text is : Abradab, an artist for the band Kaliber 44, is associated with Magik (rapper).
The generated text is : Abradab was born on November 12, 1978 in Katowice.
The generated text is : Abradab was born in Katowice, Poland.
The generated text is : Ace Wilder is an exponent of hip hop music, a style that originated from disco.
The generated text is : Ace Wilder has a background as a solo singer and is signed to the record label Warner Music Group.
The generated text is : Born in Paraguay, Agustin Barboza is signed to Philips Records.
The generated text is : Alan Frew is a rock musician, which includes fusion and Bhangra styles.
The generated text is : Alan Frew plays rock music, which originated from country music.
The generated text is : Jazz music originated from blues music. Albennie Jones is a jazz performer.
The generated text is : Aleksandra Kovac has been a solo singer , and a performer in the pop music genre.
The generated text is : Aleksandra Kovac plays rhythm and blues, which originated from blues music.
The generated text is : Aleksandra Kovac stared in 1990 and she performs soul music.
The generated text is : Alex Day plays Synthpop, which originated from new wave music.
The generated text is : Alfred Garth Jones was in England in 1872.
The generated text is : The musical genre of Alfredo Zitarrosa, who started out as a solo singer, is Milonga.
The generated text is : Alfredo Zitarrosa, whose background was as a solo singer, is a performer of Taquirari.
The generated text is : Alfredo Zitarrosa, was born in Uruguay and died in Montevideo.
The generated text is : Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Montevideo and died in Uruguay.
The generated text is : Alfredo Zitarrosa's genre is Zamba which is considered an art form and he started out as a solo singer.
The generated text is : Alison O'Donnell is a musician associated with the Plastik Mak and was also associated with the band Bajik.
The generated text is : Alison O'Donnell is a folk rock musician signed to Floating World Records.
The generated text is : Alison O'Donnell is a jazz musician who sings and also plays the bodhran, percussion and the autoharp.
The generated text is : Hip Hop artist Allen Forrest is a solo singer.
The generated text is : The musician Andrew White's genre is alternative rock, the genre which has the sub genre Christian alternative rock.
The generated text is : Anders Osborne is associated with Phil Lesh and Friends and he has worked with Tab Benoit.
The generated text is : Rhythm and blues artist Anders Osborne is signed with Rabadash Records.
The generated text is : Rhythm and blues artist Anders Osborne performs under the Shanachie Records label.
The generated text is : Andra began her Pop music singing career in 2000.
The generated text is : Andra sings rhythm and blues, which originated from blues.
The generated text is : Andrew Rayel, is associated with musical artist Jonathan Mendelsohn and Christian Burns.
The generated text is : Andrew Rayel is associated with both musical artist Jonathan Mendelsohn and Mark Sixma.
The generated text is : Andrew Rayel is associated with both the musician Jwaydan Moyine and Armin van Buuren.
The generated text is : The musician Andrew White's genre is alternative rock which has origins in New wave music.
The generated text is : Al Anderson of NRBQ is a country musician in which genre the banjo features.
The generated text is : Andrew White records under label Polydor Records, who are based in London.
The generated text is : (19255) 1994 VK8 has an escape velocity of 0.0925 km/s and an apoapsis of 6603633000.0 km.
The generated text is : (410777) 2009 FD has an apoapsis of 259776702.47055 kilometres and a minimum temperature of 211.0 kelvins.
The generated text is : (410777) 2009 FD, which was discovered by Spacewatch, has a periapsis of 88234300000.0.
The generated text is : (66063) 1998 RO1, with the epoch date 2013-11-04, has an escape velocity of 0.0999 km/s.
The generated text is : (66391) 199 KW4 has an epoch date of July 14th 2004 and its orbital period is 16244700.
The generated text is : The rotation period of (66391) 1999 KW4 is 9953.28 and its epoch date is July 14th 2004.
The generated text is : James Craig Watson, who died from peritonitis, discovered 101 Helena.
The generated text is : The apoapsis measurement of 1036 Ganymed is 611961000.0 (kilometres) and it travels at an average speed of 16.86 kilometres per second.
The generated text is : Walter Baade, who was born within the German empire, discovered 1036 Ganymed.
The generated text is : The German Walter Baade discovered 1036 Ganymed.
The generated text is : James Craig Watson, who died of peritonitis, was the discoverer of 103 Hera.
The generated text is : James Craig Watson, a Canadian national, disovered 103 Hera.
The generated text is : N. R. Pogson, born in Nottingham, discovered 107 Camilla.
The generated text is : The epoch date of 1089 Tama, formerly known as A919 HA; 1927WB , is 26 November 2005.
The generated text is : 1089 Tama, which has a temperature of 179.0 kelvins, has an apoapsis of 373513000.0 kilometres.
The generated text is : The epoch date of 1097 Vicia is 2006.12.31 and has a periapsis measurement of 279142000000.0.
The generated text is : 109 Felicitas, with a temperature of 170 kelvins, has an apoapsis of 523329000.0 (kilometres).
The generated text is : 109 felicitas which has a periapsis of 283326000000 and an epoch date of December 31st 2006.
The generated text is : The celestial body known as 109 Felicitas has a rotation period of 47487.6, and its epoch date is, 31 December 2006.
The generated text is : The temperature of 10 Hygiea is 164.0 kelvins and it has an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 (kilometres).
The generated text is : The asteroid 10 Hygiea, once called A900 GA, has the epoch date of 27th June 2015.
The generated text is : 110 Lydia has a mass of 6.7 kilograms and its epoch date was on December 31st 2006.
The generated text is : The epoch date of 110 Lydia is 31 December 2006 and it has an orbital period of 142603000.0.
The generated text is : The A-Rosa Luna is 125800.0 millimetres in length and classed as a cruise ship.
The generated text is : The A Rosa Luna ship is 125800.0 mms in length and was ordered on 22 January 2004.
The generated text is : The AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruise Line, which is located in Germany.
The generated text is : The AIDAluna is operated by AIDA Cruises which are located at Rostock.
The generated text is : The AIDAluna has a top speed is 40.744 and is 252000.0 mms in length.
The generated text is : The AIDAstella is 253.26m long and was launched March 16th 2013.
The generated text is : Montreal Locomotive Works is the builder of the ALCO RS-3 which has a diesel-electric transmission.
The generated text is : The ALV X-1 has 2 rocket stages and a diameter of 1.524 metres.
The generated text is : 1974 is one of the model years of the AMC Matador which was assembled in Kenosha, Wisconsin.
The generated text is : Richard A. Teague is emplyed by Chrysler and designed the AMC Matador.
The generated text is : The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) is 192000.0 millimetres long and comes from Argentina.
The generated text is : The Alfa Romeo 164, which is assembled in Milan, is a related means of transportation to Saab 9000 , in that they are both cars.
The generated text is : The Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Italy and is a similar means of transport to the Fiat Croma.
The generated text is : The Alfa Romeo 164, which was assembled in Italy, and Lancia Thema are related types of transportation.
The generated text is : Alvis Speed 25 was made by the Alvis Car and Engineering Company of Coventry.
The generated text is : The Alvis Speed 25 has a 4387.00 cc engine and an impressive transmission coined as "single plate clutch, separate 4-speed gearbox all-silent and all-syncromesh, centre change lever, open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel fully floating back axle".
The generated text is : The Alvis Speed 25 has a straight-six engine and an impressive transmission.
The generated text is : American Motors, who made the AMC Matador, was succeeded by Eagle.
The generated text is : The Antares rocket is launched from the Mid ~Atlantic Regional Spaceport and its first voyage was on January 9th 2014.
The generated text is : ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) comes from Argentina where Gabriela Michetti is the leader.
The generated text is : Ariane 5 was launched at ELA-3 and manufactured by The Airbus Defence and Space.
The generated text is : Airbus Group is the parent company of Airbus Defence & Space; where Ariane 5 was manufactured.
The generated text is : The Aston Martin V8 - assembled in the United Kingdom - and Aston Martin RHAM/1 are related means of transportation.
The generated text is : Aston Martin made the Aston Martin V8, which was succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage.
The generated text is : Aston Martin DBS is a related means of transport to the Aston Martin V8, which was succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage.
The generated text is : The Aston Martin V8 was succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage which is made by the company Aston Martin.
The generated text is : Atlas II, which is 3.04m in diameter, had its final flight on March 16th 1998.
The generated text is : The Lockheed Martin manufactured Atlas II was launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
The generated text is : Audi e-tron is a division of Audi, who make the Audi A1.
The generated text is : Audi A1 is made by Audi who also own Ducati.
The generated text is : Audi A1 is made by Audi, a subsidiary of which, is the Quattro Gmbh.
The generated text is : Douglas R Oberhelman is a person at Caterpillar Inc. where the AIDAluna is manufactured.
The generated text is : The Antares rocket is comparable with the Delta II whose launch site was at Vandenberg Air Force Base.
The generated text is : The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in Finland where Juha Sipila is a leader.
The generated text is : General Dynamics is the parent company of, the General Dynamics Electric Boat Co. which is the builder of the American submarine NR-1.
The generated text is : The A-Rosa Luna is powered by an engine made by MTU Friedrichshafen which is owned by Rolls-Royce Holdings.
The generated text is : The Aston Martin V8 is assembled in the United Kingdom, the leader of which, is Elizabeth II.
The generated text is : Purple Heart recipient Aaron S. Daggat was born in Maine and, most notably, fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg.
The generated text is : Ab Klink was born in the Netherlands, belongs to the Christian Democratic Appeal party and graduated from Erasmus University in Rotterdam.
The generated text is : Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and he succeeded Abdul Rahman Ya'kub. Stephen Yong Kuet Tze is the deputy to Abdul Rahman Ya'kub.
The generated text is : Born in the Kingdom of Sarawak, Abdul Taib Mahmud, resides in Sarawak and is a member of Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak party.
The generated text is : Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State, graduated from the Technical Institute Kaduna and worked as the Nigerian Chief of the Defence Staff.
The generated text is : Abdulsalami Abubakar, who served in the Nigerian Air Force, was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo, who was in office at the same time that Atiku Abubakar was Vice President.
The generated text is : Olusegun Obasanjo was succeeded by Abdulsalami Abubakar of the Nigerian Army and was in office during Atiku Abubaker's Vice Presidency.
The generated text is : Abel Caballero was born in Ponteareas in Galicia, Spain and worked as a Member of the Congress of Deputies.
The generated text is : Abel Caballero was born in Galicia, Spain, and is a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party.
The generated text is : Abner W. Sibal served in the United States Army and fought during WWII, when Joseph Stalin was a commander.
The generated text is : Abner W. Sibal was born in Ridgewood, Queens and a member of the Republic Party of the U.S. He was also a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District.
The generated text is : During the Gulf War George H W Bush served as a commander and Adam Holloway of the Grenadier Guards was involved in the battles.
The generated text is : Conservative Party (UK) member Adam Holloway, who studied at Magdalene College, Cambridge, was born in Faversham.
The generated text is : Adam Koc, who was born in Congress in Poland, fought in the Polish Soviet War in which Leon Trotsky was a commander.
The generated text is : The Polish-Soviet War, which was part of the Russian Civil War, was where Adam Koc fought and where Leon Trotsky was a commander.
The generated text is : Born in Athens, Greece, Adonis Georgiadis, has worked as the Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally.
The generated text is : Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens (Greece), and worked as Minister for Health.
The generated text is : Adonis Georgiadis, a member of the Greek New Democracy Party (blue is their colour), served in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister.
The generated text is : Agnes Kant's nationality is the Netherlands. He worked at the House of Representatives there. Mark Rutte is a leader in the Netherlands.
The generated text is : The nationality of Agnes Kant, a member of the Socialist party, is the Netherlands. Mark Rutte leads the Netherlands.
The generated text is : Agnes Kant was born in West Germany and was a member of the House of Representatives. He attended the Radboud University Nijmegen.
The generated text is : Airey Neave, who served in World War II had a career between 30 June 1953 and 30 March 1979.
The generated text is : Airey Neave fought in Worl War II and started his political career on March 4th 1974 which ended on March 30th 1979.
The generated text is : Born September 22nd, 1856, Albert B. White, died on the July 3rd, 1941.
The generated text is : Agnes Ward White, born in Marietta,Ohio was married to Albert B. White who was succeeded by William MO Dawson.
The generated text is : Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island and died in the US where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
The generated text is : Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island, New York City and died in the New Mexico Territory.
The generated text is : Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island in New York. He died in the U.S.
The generated text is : Buenos Aires, which is the death place of Alberto Teisaire, is governed by the Buenos Aires City Legislature and led by Horacio Rodríguez Larreta.
The generated text is : Rear Admiral, Alberto Teisaire, was born in Mendoza in Agentina, and succeeded by, Isaac Rojas.
The generated text is : Alfons Gorbach was born in the County of Tyrol, Austria and died in the city of Graz.
The generated text is : Alfred N. Phillips was born in connecticut where he worked as a Member of the U.S House of Representatives in the 4th district and he is the successor of Albert E. Austin.
The generated text is : Alfred N. Phillips, who was born in Darien, Connecticut, was a Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district and was succeeded by Albert E. Austin.
The generated text is : Allan Shivers served in the Democratic Party in the U.S. and worked as a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 (Port Arthur) before being succeeded by Wilfred R Cousins Jr.
The generated text is : Alvah Sabin, who ended his career on 3 March 1857, represented Vermont where the largest city is Burlington.
The generated text is : Born on 23rd October, 1793, Alvah Sabin, was a member of the United States Whig Party, the leader of which, was Henry Clay.
The generated text is : Born in Georgia, Vermont, Alvah Sabin, was a member of the Whig Party of the United States. Daniel Webster is the leader of the Whig Party in the United States.
The generated text is : Albert Jennings Fountain was born in the United States and fought in the American Civil War. A commander in that war was Abraham Lincoln.
The generated text is : The battle of Fredericksburg, in which Alfred Moore Scales paricipated, was part of the American Civil War military conflict during which Jefferson Davis was a commander.
The generated text is : Alfons Gorbach ws born in the County of Tyrol and later died in Austria which is led by Doris Bures.
The generated text is : Alfons Gorbach's place of birth was the state, Tyrol and place of death was in Austria, the leader of which, is Doris Bures.
The generated text is : Alfons Gorbach died in Styria, Austria where Doris Bures is a leader.
The generated text is : The Battle of Salem Church, in which Aaron S Daggett fought and in which Robert E Lee was a commander, was part of the American Civil War.
The generated text is : Ab Klink was born in Stellendam in the Netherlands, where the national currency is the euro.
The generated text is : Adam Koc is from Poland, where Polish is spoken and where Kashubians are an ethnic group.
The generated text is : 19255 1994 VK8, with a mass of 5.6kg, has an apoapsis of 6603633000.0 kilometres and an escape velocity of 0.0925 km/s.
The generated text is : The celestial body known as (410777) 2009 FD has an orbital period of 39447000 , has a periapsis of 88234300000.0 and it was discovered by Spacewatch.
The generated text is : (66063) 1998 RO1 has an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 km, a maximum temperature of 500 kelvins and a minimum temperature of -71 degrees celsius.
The generated text is : The celestial body known as (66391) 1999 KW4 has an apoapsis of 162164091.8388 km, an average speed of 37.16 kilometres per second, and a density of 2.0 grams per cubic centimetre.
The generated text is : The celestial body known as 1000 Piazzia has an orbital period of 488160. It has a periapsis of 352497000000.0 and the epoch date of, 2015-06-27.
The generated text is : The periapsis of the 1001 Gaussia (formally known as 1923 OAA907 XC) is 419113394.55312 km and it has an epoch date of the 31st July 2016.
The generated text is : 101 Helena(mass 3.0kgs) has an escape velocity of 0.0348 kilometres per second and its apoapsis is 441092000.0 (kms).
The generated text is : 1036 Ganymed was discovered by Walter Baade, a German National who studied at the University of Gottingen.
The generated text is : 103 Hera has an epoch date of August 27th 2011 and was discovered by James Craig Watson ,who died in Madison,Wisconsin.
The generated text is : James Craig Watson, who discovered 103 Hera, died in Madison, Wisconsin of peritonitis.
The generated text is : 103 Hera has an apoapsis of 437170000 km, an orbital period of 1622.213 days and an epoch date of 27 August 2011.
The generated text is : The celestial body known as 103 Hera has an escape velocity of 0.0482 k.p.s., temperature of 170.0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 437170000.0 kilometres.
The generated text is : 107 Camilla was discovered by the British NR Pogson who was born in Nottingham.
The generated text is : Formerly named "A894 VA; A 904 VD", 1089 Tama has an orbital period of 1202.846 days, and it's epoch is 2005-11-26.
The generated text is : The epoch date of 1089 Tama is 26 November 2005. It has a periapsis of 288749000000.0 and 373513000.0 km is the apoapsis.
The generated text is : The epoch date of 1097 Vicia, which had 1928 PC as its former date, is 2006.12.31. Vicia has a periapsis measurement of 279142000000.
The generated text is : 109 Felicitas has an epoch date of 31 December 2006, a mass of 7.5 kg and an orbital period of 139705000.0.
The generated text is : The epoch date of 109 Felicitas was 31 December 2006,has an orbital period of 139705000.0 and its apoapsis is 523329000.0 kilometres.
The generated text is : The 10 Hygiea has an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 km and an average speed of 16.76 km per second. 5.57 days is the orbital period for the asteroid.
The generated text is : 10 Hygiea has an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 km, a surface area of 837080.744 sq km and an average speed of 16.76 km per sec.
The generated text is : 10 Hygiea; has a surface area of 837080.744 square kilometres, an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 kilometres, and a temperature of 164.0 kelvins.
The generated text is : 110 Lydia's epoch is 31st December 2006, it has a mass of 6.7kg and a periapsis of 377016000000.0.
The generated text is : 110 Lydia; has an apoapsis of 440756000.0 kilometres, a periapsis of 377016000000.0, and its epoch is 31st December 2006.
The generated text is : An artist with the band Kids Imagine Nation, Aaron Bertram plays for the Suburban Legends band which plays pop music.
The generated text is : Aaron Deer was born in Indiana,United States and his musical genre is indie rock.
The generated text is : Aaron Deer is an American from Indiana who performs Psychedelia music.
The generated text is : Black Metal music is Aaron Turner's thing and he plays for Twilight band. Mr. Turner is also associated with Greymachine, the band.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner plays drone music and played with the bands Twilight and Greymachine.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner played with the bands Twilight and Mamiffer. His genre is Ambient music.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner plays electric guitar in the Black Metal genre. Death metal is a fusion of black metal.
The generated text is : Black Metal is a genre of Aaron Turner's music and Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal.
The generated text is : Abradab who was born on November 12th 1978 is an artist for the band Kaliber 44 and he is with rapper associated with Magri.
The generated text is : Katowice born Abradab has been with the band Kaliber 44 and associated with rapper, Magik.
The generated text is : Hip hop music, with origins in Disco and Funk, is the genre of musician, Ace Wilder.
The generated text is : Agustín Barboza was born in Asunción, Paraguay which is led by Juan Afara.
The generated text is : Al Anderson sings for the band NRBQ and their specialty is Rock music.
The generated text is : Alan Frew's genre is Rock music, which originated from country music. The music Bhangra is part of the fusion genre, partly coming from Rock music.
The generated text is : Albennie Jones plays Jazz music which originated from Blues music. A fusion of Jazz is Afrobeat music.
The generated text is : Albennie Jones, born in Errata, Mississippi, is a performer of rhythm and blues, of which disco is a derivative.
The generated text is : Aleksandra Kovač plays pop music for the K2 band. He knows musician, Bebi Dol.
The generated text is : Aleksandra Kovač, whose musical genre is Pop, is in same band with Kornelije Kovač and is associated with the musical artist Bebi Dol.
The generated text is : Aleksandra Kovač is an artist for the band K2 and has the musical genre of rhythm and blues. She is musically involved with Kristina Kovac.
The generated text is : The musical genre of Alex Day, is Synthpop, which originated from Disco and has its stylistic origins in pop music.
The generated text is : Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester,England and he passed away in Sidcup.
The generated text is : Alfred Garth Jones was born in London in the United Kingdom. He died in London.
The generated text is : Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester in the UK, and died in London.
The generated text is : Born in Manchester, Alfred Garth Jones, died in Sidcup. In Manchester The Labour Party leads.
The generated text is : Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup, London (led by Boris Johnson).
The generated text is : Alison O'Donnell played folk music of Ireland for the band Mellow Candle and the Flibbertigibbet band.
The generated text is : Alison O'Donnell plays folk music and has played with the Mellow Candle and Flibbertigibbet bands.
The generated text is : Jazz musician Alison O'Donnell is a vocalist and also plays the bodhran,percussion and autoharp. Jazz derives from Funk.
The generated text is : Jazz musician Alison O'Donnell is signed with Static Caravan Recordings. Jazz is the origin of Funk.
The generated text is : Born in Dothan, Alabama, Allen Forrest has a background as a solo singer and was a pop artist.
The generated text is : Born in Dothan (Alabama), Allen Forrest, started out as a solo singer and performs rhythm and blues music.
The generated text is : The musician Andrew White's genre is alternative rock, which has origins in New wave music and Nu metal is a music fusion genre of alternative rock.
The generated text is : Anders Osborne has collaborated with Kirk Joseph and is associated with musical artist Billy Iuso and Tab Benoit.
The generated text is : Anders Osborne, whose genre is rock music, is signed to the Rabadash Records label. A musical fusion of rock music is called bhangra music.
The generated text is : Andra, a singer of Dance-pop music, is associated with the band CRBL and the singer Puya.
The generated text is : Rhythm and blues is the genre of singer Andra, who, is associated with musician Marius Moga and Andreea Bălan.
The generated text is : Starting her career as a solo singer, Andra's genre is Rhythm and blues, a derivative of which, is Disco.
The generated text is : Andrew Rayel plays trance music and is associated with Christian Burns and musician, Jonathan Mendelsohn.
The generated text is : Trance musician Andrew Rayel is associated with musical artists Jonathan Mendelsohn and Bobina.
The generated text is : Christian Burns plays house music and is associated with Andrew Rayel. Mr. Rayel is connected with Jwaydan Moyine, musician.
The generated text is : Andrew White, member of the band Kaiser Chiefs, is also associated with artist Marry Banilow. His record label was Universal Records, which is now defunct.
The generated text is : Aaron Bertram, whose musical genre is Ska punk, plays for the Suburban Legends band. Ska punk originated from ska music.
The generated text is : Albennie Jones was born in Errata Mississippi in the USA, a country where the African Americans are an ethnic group.
The generated text is : The 1955 Dodge, with an alternative name of Dodge coronet, has a V8 engine and 3-speed transmission.
The generated text is : Ordered on January 22nd, 2004, the A-Rosa Luna, is classed as a Cruise ship and has a length of, 125.8 metres.
The generated text is : With a top speed of 24.0, the ship A Rosa Luna is 125800.00 millimetres long and weighs 1850 tonnes.
The generated text is : The operator of AIDAstella is German baased AIDA Cruises. The AIDAstella is owned by Costa Crociere.
The generated text is : The AIDAstella, 253260.0 millimetres long, was christened on March 16, 2013 and put into service the next day.
The generated text is : The American Locomotive Company built the ALCO RS-3 which has a 4-stroke engine and is 17068.8 millimeters long.
The generated text is : The ALCO RS-3, built by the American Locomotive Company, has a V12 engine and is 17068.8 millimetres.
The generated text is : The American Locomotive Company was founded in Schenectady, New York and built the ALCO RS-3 which is 17068.8 mms in length.
The generated text is : Originating in the United States and by Americans, some of African decent is the ALVX-1.
The generated text is : The United States has an ethnic group called Native Americans, the capital is Washington D.C. and the ALV X-1 hails from the US.
The generated text is : The ALV X-1, with 2 rocket stages and one launch, has a 1.524 m diameter.
The generated text is : The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe, with a straight-four engine, had its final production in 1958.
The generated text is : The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé is a two door coupé with a wheelbase of 2160 millimetres and a with of 1.55 metres.
The generated text is : The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov ship, built in Helsinki at the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard, has a 21.2 ship beam.
The generated text is : The Fiat Croma and the Alfa Romeo 164 are both cars. The latter was built in Italy where the capital is Rome.
The generated text is : The Alfa Romeo 164, which was assembled in Italy, and the Lancia Thema are related types of transportation. The capital of Italy is Rome.
The generated text is : The Alfa Romeo 164 was assembled in Arese and is a similar means of transport to the Fiat Croma and also related to the Lancia Thema.
The generated text is : The Alfa Romeo 164 was assembled in Milan and is a similar means of transport to the, Fiat Croma and the Saab 9000.
The generated text is : The ship Alhambra, launched on the 31st May 1855, has a ship beam of 8.3m and is 63800.0 millimetres long.
The generated text is : The Alhambra, with its 8.3 m ship beam, launched 5/31/1855, was wrecked.
The generated text is : The Alvis Speed 25 has a petrol engine and was manufactured by the Alvis Car and Engineering Company which was founded in Coventry.
The generated text is : AMC Matador is manufactured by American Motors where Roy D Chapin Jr is a key person and was succeeded ny Eagle.
The generated text is : The Antares rocket, manufactured at the Yuzhnoye Design Office, is comparable to the US Delta II.
The generated text is : The Antares rocket is a medium expendable launch system built at the Yuzhnoye Design Office.
The generated text is : The Ariane 5 was launched at the ELA-3 at the Guiana Space Centre. Arianespace made the Ariane 5.
The generated text is : The Aston Martin V8 is similar to the DBS and has a 5.3 litre engine. It is made in Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, UK.
The generated text is : The Aston Martin V8 is assembled in the United Kingdom and has an engine volume of 5.3 litres. The Aston Martin V8 and Aston Martin DBS are a related means of transport.
The generated text is : Coming from the US, the Atlas II was launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station and Vandenberg Air Force Base.
The generated text is : The Atlas II comes from the US where Native Americans are an ethnic group and the leader is the President.
The generated text is : Atlas II originates from the United States, and was launched from the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36.
The generated text is : The Audi A1 is a hatchback assembled by Audi Brussels and has a 1.2 litre engine.
The generated text is : The Audi A1 is manufactured by Audi. It is a similar means of transport as the Seat Ibiza and Volkswagen Polo since they are all cars.
The generated text is : AIDAluna is powered by Caterpillar Inc. which was founded in California and is located in Peoria, Illinois.
The generated text is : Caterpillar Inc. of Illinois powers the AIDA Cruise owned, AIDAluna.
The generated text is : Costa Crociere is the owner of the AIDAstella and are based in Genoa. The operator of AIDAstella is AIDA Cruises.
The generated text is : The origin of the Delta II is the United States and it was launched at the Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2. The Antares rocket is similar to the Delta II.
The generated text is : The ELA-3 is found at the Guiana Space Centre whose HQ is in French Guiana. One craft launched there was the Ariane 5.
The generated text is : The launch site of the Ariane was ELA-3 launchpad, the site of which, is situated at the Guiana Space Centre. The Guiana Space Centre is located in Kourou,French Guiana.
The generated text is : The A-Rosa was built by Neptun Werft which is headquartered in Rostock, Germany.
The generated text is : The Atlas II originated in the United States, where the inhabitants are called Americans and where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
The generated text is : Aaron Hunt plays for Vfl Wolfsburg and SV Werder Bremen. He was a member of the Goslarer SC 08 youth team.
The generated text is : Aaron Hunt's club is VfL Wolfsburg who are managed by Dieter Hecking, but he previously played for SV Werder Bremen II.
The generated text is : Abel Hernández's clubs are Hull City AFC and US Citta di Palermo. He previously played youth football for Central Espanol.
The generated text is : Abel Hernandez played youth football for Central Espanol. He has since been associated with clubs US Citta di Palermo and Penarol.
The generated text is : Netherlands born Adam Maher's former clubs include PSV Eindhoven and AZ Alkmaar.
The generated text is : Akeem Adams plays for W Connection FC , having previously played for United Petrotrin F.C., whose ground is Palo Seco.
The generated text is : Former Los Angeles Rams team member, Akeem Ayers, was number 39 in the draft pick, in draft round 2.
The generated text is : Akeem Ayers used to play for the St. Louis Rams. He was number 39 in the draft pick in draft round 2.
The generated text is : Akeem Dent, who made his debut with the Atlanta Falcons, was born in Atlanta, Georgia on 27 September 1987.
The generated text is : Alaa Abdul Zahra, born in Iraq, plays for Shabab Al-Ordon Club, and also for the Iraq national under 20 football team.
The generated text is : Alaa Abdul-Zahra's club is Shabab Al-Ordon Club and he plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC at their home ground Al Khor.
The generated text is : Footballer, Alan Martin, was born on 01/01/1989. He is a footballer for the clubs, Hamilton Academical FC and Clyde FC club.
The generated text is : Alan Martin, whose club is Motherwell FC, played for Accrington Stanley FC who have their ground in Accrington.
The generated text is : Aleksander Barkov Jr was born in Tampere, Finland on 1995-09-02 and he plays for the Florida Panthers.
The generated text is : Aleksander Barkov Jr, whose draft team was the Florida Panthers, was born on 2 September 1995 in Tampere, Finland.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Chumakov was born in the Soviet Union and he died in Russia, where the leader is Vladimir Putin.
The generated text is : Footballer Aleksandr Prudnikov , (February 24, 1989), plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar and Alania Vladikavkaz.
The generated text is : Born on February 24th 1989, the footballer Aleksandr Prudnikov represented the Russia national B team and also played for FC Tom Tomsk.
The generated text is : Aleksandre Guruli's club is Olympique Lyonnais, whose home ground is the Parc Olympique Lyonnais stadium. He also plays for AZAL PFK.
The generated text is : Aleksandre Guruli plays for US Lesquin but he use to play for the Olympique Lyonnais club who play their home games at the Parc Olympique Lyonnais.
The generated text is : Alessio Romagnoli plays in the club A.C. Milan whose manager is Siniša Mihajlović. He's alos in the Italy national under 16's football team.
The generated text is : Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.C. Milan, managed by Siniša Mihajlović and also played for UC Sampdoria.
The generated text is : Alessio Romagnoli is coached by Daniele Zoratto in the Italy national under 16 football team. He plays for A.S. Roma.
The generated text is : Italian born Alessio Romagnoli is a member of the Italian national under 17 football team and plays for the club U.C. Sampdoria.
The generated text is : Alex Plante was born in Brandon, Manitoba and is 1.9304 m high. He is in the Anyang Halla club.
The generated text is : 1.9304m tall, Alex Plante, was born in Canada and has played for the club Anyang Halla.
The generated text is : Alex Tyus plays in the Euroleague for the Maccabi Ashdod BC club whose coach is Zvi Sherf.
The generated text is : The league Alex Tyus plays in is the Turkish Basketball Super League. His club is Maccabi Ashdod BC which is coached by, Zvi Sherf.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Tom Tomsk and his club is FC Spartak Moscow, whose grounds are the Otkrytiye Arena.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudnikov's club is FC Anzhi Makhachkala and he played youth football for FC Spartak Moscow whose grounds are the Otkrytiye Arena.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Chumakov's club was FC Torpedo Moscow. The club, which is managed by Valery Petrakov, played the 2014–15 season in the Russian Premier League.
The generated text is : Abel Hernandez, who played for the Uruguay Olympic football team, plays for Hull City AFC under their manager Steve Bruce.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Chumakov was born in Moscow, Russia and he died in Russia. The leader of Moscow is Sergey Sobyanin.
The generated text is : Footballer, Abner, played for the Brazilian national under 20 football team. He also for the football club Real Madrid Castilla, the manager of which, is Luis Miguel Ramis.
The generated text is : Footballer, Abner, plays C.D. FAS. and Real Madrid Castilla, the manager of which, is Luis Miguel Ramis.
The generated text is : St Louis, part of Greater St Louis, is led by Francis G Slay and is the birthplace of Alex Tyus.
The generated text is : Akeem Ayers's former team is the New England Patriots and his debut team was the Tennessee Titans who are based in the city of Nashville, Tennessee.
The generated text is : Akeem Adams, who has represented Trinidad and Tobago at under 20 level, played for United Petrotrin FC, whose ground is Palo Seco.
The generated text is : Aaron Hunt played for SV Werder Bremen and SV Werder Bremen II. The latter is managed by Alexander Nouri and is in the league 3 Liga.
The generated text is : Abel Hernandez belongs to Abel Hernandezand club Penarol. He also plays for, Steve Bruce managed, Hull City A.F.C.
The generated text is : Abel Hernández plays for the club, U.S. Città di Palermo and played for the Central Espanol club. He was a member of youth club Peñarol which is managed by, Jorge Orosmán da Silva.
The generated text is : Abel Hernández, who was a member of youth club Peñaro, plays for the club, U.S. Città di Palermo. The club is managed by Giuseppe Iachini and play in the Serie A league.
The generated text is : Adam McQuaid was born October 12th 1986 in Prince Edward Island and now weighs 94.8024kg.
The generated text is : Adam McQuaid was originally drafted to the Columbus Blue Jackets out of Columbus, Ohio. He nows plays with the Boston Bruins whose general manager is Don Sweeney.
The generated text is : Akeem Ayers was born July 10, 1989 and debuted with the Tennessee Titans. He has played for the St. Louis Rams.
The generated text is : Akeem Dent, who used to play for Houston Texans, was born on 27 September 1987 in Atlanta, Georgia.
The generated text is : Akeem Dent was born on the 27th September 1987, in Atlanta, Georgia. He debuted with the Atlanta Falcons and his former team are the Houston Texans.
The generated text is : Alaa Abdul Zahra has played for Al Kharaitiyat SC and Al-Zawra'a SC. Al Kharaitiyat SC. are managed by Amar Osim and play their home games at Al Khor.
The generated text is : Alaa Abdul Zahra, played for the Iraq national under 23 football team, plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC, located in Al Khor, and managed by, Amar Osim.
The generated text is : Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC which is located at Al Khor and managed by Amar Osim. The Shabab Al-Ordon club is associated with Alaa Abdul-Zahra.
The generated text is : Alan Martin is a footballer who is 185.42 cm in height and was born on 1 January 1989. He plays for both Hamilton Academical FC and Crewe Alexandra FC.
The generated text is : Footballer, Alan Martin, who played for the Scotland national under-21 football team, plays for Crewe Alexandra F.C. He was born on the 1st January 1989 and is 185.42 centimetres tall.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudnikov, who is 185cm tall and was born on 24 February 1989, plays for both FC Kuban Krasnodar and FC Dynamo Moscow.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudnikov was born 1989-02-24 and is now 185.0cm tall. He played for FC Spartak Moscow and plays for FC Rubin Kazan.
The generated text is : Aleksandre Guruli, who was born in Batumi, is 178.0 centimetres tall. He is in the FC Zestafoni club and plays for FC Karpaty Lviv club.
The generated text is : Alex Plante was born in Canada, on 09/05/1989. His club is called Anyang Halla.
The generated text is : 1.9304 m tall, Alex Plante, whose club is, Anyang Halla, was born in Canada, in 1989.
The generated text is : Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada which is led by Elizabeth II, has a national anthem "O Canada" and uses the Inuktitut spoken language.
The generated text is : Aaron Boogaard is from Canada whose national anthem is O Canada and its leader being Elizabeth II. One ethnic group in Canada are Asian Canadians.
The generated text is : Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada whose national anthem is called O Canada and its leader is Elizabeth II. Slavey is spoken in Canada.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudnikov, who plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar, played for FC Terek Grozny. Rashid Rakhimov is the manager of FC Terek Grozny, the ground of which, is based at Grozny.
The generated text is : Valery Petrakov is the manager of FC Torpedo Moscow and its chairman is Aleksandr Tukmanov. Aleksandr Chumakov plays for the club which spent the 2014-15 season in the Russian Premier League.
The generated text is : Akeem Dent debuted with the Atlanta Falcons and has played with Houston, Texas based, Houston Texans.
The generated text is : In his youth, Abel Hernández played for Peñarol, which play in the Uruguayan Primera División league. Abel Hernández now plays for Hull City A.F.C. which is managed by, Steve Bruce.
The generated text is : The epoch of (19255) 1994 VK8 is on 31 December 2006. It has an orbital period of 8788850000.0, a periapsis of 6155910000000.0 and an apoapsis of 6603633000.0 km.
The generated text is : (66063) 1998 RO1 has an epoch date of 2013-11-04 and an orbital period of 360.29 days. Its escape velocity is 0.0999 km/sec and it has an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 kilometres.
The generated text is : 66063 1998 RO1 has an epoch date of 4 November 2013. It's mean temperature is 265.0 kelvins and it has an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 kilometres. 360.29 days is the orbital period of this celestial body.
The generated text is : The dark asteroid called 1000 Piazzia has an orbital period of 488160.0 and its epoch is 2015-06-27. Additionally, it has periapsis of 352497000000.0 and an escape velocity of 0.0252 kilometres per second.
The generated text is : The epoch of 1001 Gaussia (formerly known as 1923 OAA907 XC) is 31 July 2016. It was discovered by Sergey Belyavsky and has a periapsis of 419113394.55312 (kilometres).
The generated text is : German Empire born Walter Baade, who studied at the University of Gottingen, was the discoverer of 1036 Ganymed. One of his doctoral students was Allan Sandage.
The generated text is : Walter Baade, who was born in Preubisch Oldendorf, discovered 1036 Ganymed. He studied at The university of Gottingen, and his doctoral student was Halton Arp.
The generated text is : Walter Baade, who had the doctoral student Halton Arp, was the discoverer of 1036 Ganymed. He studied at the University of Gottingen and died in West Germany.
The generated text is : The discoverer of 103 Hera, James Craig Watson, alma mater was the University of Michigan. He died in Madison, Wisconsin of peritonitis.
The generated text is : Canadian James Craig Watson (who died in Madison, Wisconsin), discovered 103 Hera, which has an apoapsis of 437170000.0 kilometre).
The generated text is : 103 Hera was discovered by James Craig Watson. He was a Canadian national who died in Madison, Wisconsin of peritonitis.
The generated text is : Nottingham born, N.R. Pogson (who died in Chennai), discovered 107 Camilla, which has a periapsis of 479343000.0 kilometres.
The generated text is : N.R. Pogson was born in Nottingham and died in Chennai.He discovered the 107 Camilla asteroid on the 1st March 2001.
The generated text is : The epoch date of 1089 Tama is 26 November 2005 with its former name being "A894 VA; A904 VD". 1202.846 days is its orbital period and 288749000000.0 is its periapsis.
The generated text is : 1089 Tama has an orbital period of 1202.846 days and its epoch date was on 26 November 2005.It has an apoapsis of 373513000.0 kilometres and its escape velocity is 0.0068km/sec.
The generated text is : 1097 Vicia has a mass of 9.8 kgs, orbital period of 135589000, apoapsis of 511592000, and its epoch is the 31st of December, 2006.
The generated text is : 109 Felicitas, with an escape velocity of 0.0473 kmps, has an epoch date of 31 December 2006, an orbital period of 139705000.0 and a periapsis of 283326000000.0.
The generated text is : 10 Hygiea, formerly known as "A900 GA", has an orbit time of 5.57 days and a periapsis of 416136000000.0. It has an epoch date of June 27th 2015.
The generated text is : 1101 Clematis has an epoch date of December 31st 2006. It has an escape velocity of 0.02 kilometres per second, an orbital period of 183309000.0 and an apoapsis of 520906000.0 kilometers.
The generated text is : The epoch of 1101 Clematis is on the 31st of July 2016 and it has an orbital period of 183309000.0. Its former name is "1928 SJ" and it has a periapsis of 445895000000.
The generated text is : 1101 Clematis has an epoch date of December 31st 2006. It has an escape velocity of 0.02 kilometres per second, a periapsis of 445895000000, and an orbital period of 183309000.0.
The generated text is : The 1955 Dodge is made by the Dodge company and has a V8 engine, a 3-speed automatic transmission and a wheelbase of 120 inches.
The generated text is : The 1955 Dodge, the Chrysler Newport and the DeSoto Custom are related means of transportation. DeSoto are the manufacturers of the DeSoto Custom, the successor of which, is the DeSoto Firedome.
The generated text is : The ship AIDAstella is operated by Rostock based AIDA Cruises. It was built by Meyer Werft and is owned by Costa Crociere.
The generated text is : Costa Crociere is the owner of the AIDAstella which is 25326.0 millimetres long. It was built by Meyer Werft and operated by AIDA Cruise Line.
The generated text is : The ALCO RS-3 was produced and built by the American Locomotive Company between May 1950 and August 1956. It has a V12 engine and a diesel-electric transmission.
The generated text is : The American Locomotive Company built the ALCO RS-3 and it was produced between May 1950 and August 1956. It's length is 17068.8 millimetres and it has a V12 engine.
The generated text is : The American Locomotive Co. was founded in Schenectady, New York and is located in the US. It built the ALCO RS-3 which is 17068.8 mms in length.
The generated text is : Montreal Locomotive Works built the ALCO RS-3 between May 1950 and Aug. 1956. It has a V12 engine and Diesel-Electric transmission.
The generated text is : The ALCO RS-3 has 12 cylinders and a four-stroke engine. It was produced by the Montreal Locomotive Works between May 1950 and August 1956.
The generated text is : The AMC Matador is also known as American Motors Matador and is assembled in Mexico City. It has a station wagon style body and an AMC V8 engine.
The generated text is : The mid-size AMC Matador, or VAM Classic, has an AMC straight-6 engine and is assembled in Kenosha, Wisconsin.
The generated text is : The mid-size Acura TLX car was assembled in Marysville Ohio with a front-wheel/all-wheel drive and a Honda K engine.
The generated text is : Acura TLX is a luxury class of vehicle with a V6 front engine design. It is made at the Marysville Auto Plant.
The generated text is : The in service icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built at the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard. in Finland. It has a ship beam of 21.2 m.
The generated text is : The icebreaker ship Aleksey Chirikov was built in Helsinki, Finland. Juha Sipila is the leader of Finland and the people of Finland who are known as Finns.
The generated text is : The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built at the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard in Helsinki. The Aleksey Chirikov (icebreaker) is in service and its ship beam is 21.2.
The generated text is : The Alfa Romeo 164, which is assembled in Italy and similar to the Saab 9000 and the Lancia Thema, has a straight-four engine.
The generated text is : The Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Italy, has a V6 engine. It is a related mode of transportation with the Saab 9000 and the Fiat Croma.
The generated text is : The Alhambra is 63800.0 millimetres long and its ship beam is 8.3m. It was launched on 1855-05-31and had wrecked.
The generated text is : The Alvis Car and Engineering Company was founded in Coventry and was succeeded by the Rover Company. The Alvis Speed 25 has a petrol engine and was manufactured by the Alvis Car and Engineering Company.
The generated text is : The Alvis Speed 25 has a straight-six engine and was manufactured by the Alvis Car and Engineering Company that was founded in Coventry and succeeded by the Rover Company.
The generated text is : American motors was acquired by Chrysler. It was succeed by Eagle, and manufactures AMC Matador.
The generated text is : The American submarine NR-1 was built by General Dynamics Electric Boat and launched on 25 January 1969. It has a beam of 3.8 metres and a top speed of 8.334.
The generated text is : The American submarine NR-1 was launched on The 25th of January 1969. It has a top speed of 8.334 km/h, a ship beam of 3.8 m., and is 45000.0 (millimetres) long.
The generated text is : The Antares rocket, made by Yuzhnoye Design Office, had its initial flight April 21, 2013 and final flight on 10/28/2014. It was launched at Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0.
The generated text is : The Antares rocket is manufactured at the Yuzhnoye Design Office and launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. The maiden flight took place on 21 April 2013 and the final flight on 18 September 2013.
The generated text is : Aston Martin V8 was assembled in the UK,whose capital is London.It was succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage.
The generated text is : The Aston Martin V8 is related to the Aston Martin DBS and the Aston Martin RHAM/1. The Aston Martin V8 has a 5.3 litre engine and is assembled in the United Kingdom.
The generated text is : The Aston Martin Virage, which has a 5.3 litre engine is made by Aston Martin and succeeded the Aston Martin V8. It is a related means of transport to the Aston Martin DBS.
The generated text is : Atlas II was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base and the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. It is 2.04 m in diameter and made its final flight on 5 December 2002.
The generated text is : Classed as a supermini, the Audi A1 (assembled at Audi Brussels), has a 1.2 litre front-engine with front-wheel-drive.
The generated text is : Audi, owned by Ducati, was founded by August Horch and includes Audi e-tron. It makes the Audi A1.
The generated text is : Caterpillar Inc. was founded in California and located in Illinois.AIDA Cruises is the owner of the AIDAluna which is powered by Caterpillar Inc.
The generated text is : Costa Crociere, located in Genoa, is the owner of AIDAstella which was built by Meyer Werft is operated by AIDAstella cruises.
The generated text is : The Delta II is from the United States and was launched at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. It is comparable to the rocket Antares which launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0.
The generated text is : The launch site of the Delta II was at the Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2, based at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. The Antares rocket is comparable to Delta 11 which originated in the US>.
The generated text is : The Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Italy and has a sedan body style. It is a related means of transportation to the Fiat Croma and Opel Vectra.
The generated text is : The Alfa Romeo 164, Fiat Croma and Opel Vectra are related forms of transportation. The body style of the Alfa Romeo 164 is Sedan and it's assembly line is in Milan.
The generated text is : The American Submarine NR-1 has a ship beam of 3.8 m and was built by General Dynamics Electric Boat. General Dynamics is the parent company of the General Dynamics Electric Boat Co which is located in the city of Groton, Connecticut.
The generated text is : Stanislaw Tillich is a leader of Germany where Rostock is located. The city is the location of Neptun Werft who built the A-Rosa Luna.
The generated text is : Atlas II originates from the United States which uses the English language. The country's capital is Washington DC and counts African Americans among its ethnic groups.
The generated text is : The Atlas II is from the United States, where one of the ethnic groups is African Americans. Washington D.C. is the capital of the United States and the inhabitants are called Americans.
The generated text is : Aaron Bertram performs ska punk music and is an artist with the band Kids Imagine Nation and also the Suburban Legends band where Brian Robertson is the trombonist.
The generated text is : Psychedelia solo singer Aaron Deer is from Indianapolis, Indiana.
The generated text is : Electroacoustic singer Aaron Turner is associated with the bands Sumac and Isis.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner started performing post-metal music in 1995. He played with Twilight and Old Man Gloom bands.
The generated text is : Black metal musician Aaron Turner is a member of Sumac and plays Electric guitar. Death metal is a black metal fusion.
The generated text is : Ace Wilder was born July 23, 1982 in Stockholm and is a solo singer.
The generated text is : Ace Wilder, born in Sweden on July 23, 1982 is a solo singer.
The generated text is : Songwriter and solo singer Ace Wilder was born in Stockholm in 1982.
The generated text is : The songwriter Ace Wilder was born in Sweden in 1982. He has a background as a solo singer.
The generated text is : Rhythm and blues performer Ahmet Ertegun was born in Washington D.C. He is considered non-performing personnel.
The generated text is : African Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S., the country Ahmet Ertegun was from. He played rock and roll music which stylistic origins come from Blues.
The generated text is : Albennie Jones, performed in the rhythm and blues genre and ended his career in 1950. Rhythm and blues originated from blues music and has disco as a derivative.
The generated text is : African Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States, the country where Albennie Jones was born. Musician, Albennie Jones is a performer of Jazz, the genre which originated its style from Blues music.
The generated text is : Singer and pop musician Aleksandra Kovac was born 1972, in Belgrade.
The generated text is : Rhythm and blues singer Aleksandra Kovac was born 1972 in the Socialist Republic of Serbia.
The generated text is : Alex Day plays acoustic music with the Chameleon Circuit band. He started actively in music in 2006 and is associated with Charlie McDonnell.
The generated text is : Alex Day, who is associated with performer Charlie McDonnell, plays with the band Chameleon Circuit. He became active in 2006 and his speciality is electronic music.
The generated text is : Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, England in 1872 and died in London.
The generated text is : Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay where the natives are known as Uruguayans. The city's leader is Daniel Martinez.
The generated text is : Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Uruguay and has a background as a solo singer. His musical genre is Candombe and his record label is RCA Records.
The generated text is : Alison O'Donnell's career began 1963 and she performs folk music. She was a member of the Flibbertigibbet band and she is associated with Bajik.
The generated text is : Folk musician Alison O'Donnell began in 1963 and is associated withHead South By Weaving and Mellow Candle.
The generated text is : London Jazz musician Alison O'Donnell records with the Floating World Records label. She is signed to Deram Records.
The generated text is : Alison O'Donnell, who performs jazz, once was signed to Deram Records and another time to Fruits de Mer Records. London is the home to Deram Records.
The generated text is : Allen Forrest was born in Fort Campbell. in1981. He is an acoustic solo singer.
The generated text is : Solo hip hop performer Allen Forrest was born in Fort Campbell, Kentucky in 1981 and raised in Dothan, Alabama.
The generated text is : Alternative rock musician Andrew White is associated with Marry Banilow. Alternative rock originates from punk rock and is fused into Nu metal.
The generated text is : Rock musician Anders Osborne has worked with the band Galactic and also with the musical artists Tab Benoit and Billy Iuso.
The generated text is : Anders Osborne was signed to the Shanachie Records label. Anders Osborne was signed to Chicago based,record label,Alligator Records which is associated with the Blues.
The generated text is : Solo singer Andra was born in Romania and her genre is Dance-pop music.
The generated text is : The singer Andra's genre is Rhythm and blue which originated from the blues. Both Funk and Disco are derivatives of rhythm and blues.
The generated text is : Andrew Rayel, who began his musical career in 2009, plays trance music. He has worked with Christian Burns and the musical artist Jonathan Mendelsohn.
The generated text is : Trance musician Andrew Rayel is associated with artists Christian Burns and Jwaydan Moyine. Trance comes from house music.
The generated text is : Andrew White started his musical career in 2003 and his genre is alternative rock. He is a member of the band Kaiser Chiefs and he is associated with the musical artist Marry Banilow.
The generated text is : Kaiser Chiefs band member, Andrew White, started his musical career in 2003. Andrew White, who is associated with the musical artist Marry Banilow, used to be with the record label Universal records which is now a defunct label.
The generated text is : Agustin Barboza died in Asuncion, part of Gran Asunción, in Paraguay, the country led by Juan Afara.
The generated text is : Al Anderson is a member of the NRBQ band and his musical genre is country music, in which banjo is an instrument. He also played once with The Wildweeds.
The generated text is : Allen Forrest performs hip hop music which comes from disco and funk. Drums and bass get their sounds from hip hop music.
The generated text is : Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, Greater Manchester, England. The Labour Party is in the majority in Manchester.
The generated text is : Post-metal cellist, Aaron Turner, played with both Twilight and House of Low Culture.
The generated text is : Electric guitarist Aaron Turner was a member of black metal band Twilight. Death metal is a black metal fusion.
The generated text is : Rhythm and blues artist Albennie Jones was born in the U.S., home to African Americans. R & B has its roots in blues.
The generated text is : Aaron S Daggett was born in Maine and died in West Roxbury. He fought in the American Civil War and was awarded the Purple Heart.
The generated text is : Born in Maine, Aaron S. Daggett; fought in the Battle of the Wilderness, was awarded the Purple Heart, and died in West Roxbury.
The generated text is : Ab Klink was born in Netherlands and worked for his country's Ministry of Health, Welfare and Sport office. He attended Erasmus University in Rotterdam which is affiliated with the Association of MBAs.
The generated text is : Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri, Malaysia and he lives in Kuching. His party is the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and he represented Asajaya.
The generated text is : Abdul Taib Mahmud's birthplace was Kingdom of Sarawak and he resides in Sarawak. His party is the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and he represented Asajaya.
The generated text is : Adenan Satem was born in Japanese Occupied British Borneo. His successor was Abdul Taib Mahmud, who, resides in Sarawak and is a member of the "Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak" party.
The generated text is : Abdul Taib Mahmud(who lives in Sarawak)'s successor was Adenan Satem who was born in Japanese Occupation of British Borneo. Abdul Taib Mahmud's party is the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu.
The generated text is : Abdulsalami Abubakar served in the Nigerian Army and was in office whilst Mike Akhigbe was Vice President. Oladipo Diya was the predecessor of Mike Akhigbe and his successor was Atiku Abubakar.
The generated text is : Oladipo Diya was Mike Akhigbe's predecessor, Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office whilst Mike Akhigbe was Vice President. Abdulsalami Abubakar, was a member of the Nigerian Air Force, and his succcessor was Al-Amin Daggash.
The generated text is : Abel Caballero, born in Galicia, Spain, held office during the monarchy of Juan Carlos I of Spain (preceeded by Francisco Franco) and Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez' leadership.
The generated text is : Abel Caballero was born in Galicia in Spain and he was the Minister of Transport. He is now a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party.
The generated text is : Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S. which is where Abraham A Ribicoff is from. He was born in New Britain, Connecticut and his wife is Casey Ribicoff.
The generated text is : Adam Holloway was born in Kent and began his career on May 5th 2005. He fought in the Gulf War and his alma mater is Magdalene College, Cambridge.
The generated text is : Adam Koc is a national of Poland where the language used is Polish. He was involved in battles of the Polish-Soviet war during which Joseph Stalin was a commander.
The generated text is : Adam Koc, who died in New York City, fought in the Polish-Soviet War, in which Joseph Stalin was a commander. This war formed part of the Russian Civil War.
The generated text is : Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece. He was Vice-president of new democracy and was succeeded by Makis Voridis.
The generated text is : Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece and worked for the Ministry of Economy, Development and Tourism in Greece. He was succeeded by Makis Voridis.
The generated text is : Makis Voridis was the successor of Adonis Georgiadis, who, was born in Athens, Greece, and was a member of the Hellenic Parliament.
The generated text is : Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands where the currency is the euro. Emile Roemer is a member and leader of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands.
The generated text is : Agnes Kant, a Netherlands National, worked at the House of Representatives in Netherlands. She is a member of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands, the leader of which is, Mark Rutte.
The generated text is : Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands, the leader of which, is Mark Rutte. In the Netherlands, Emile Roemer is leader and member of the Netherlands Socialist Party.
The generated text is : Agnes Kant has Netherland nationality and is a member of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands which uses the colour "red" and is led by Emile Roemer.
The generated text is : Knightsbridge, London is the birthplace of Airey Neave and he was involved in the Battle of France. He started his career on 30th June 1953 and ended it on 30th March 1979.
The generated text is : Airey Neave, born in Knightsbridge, London, was involved in the Battle of France; he began his career on March 4th 1974, and ended his career on 30th March 1979.
The generated text is : Airey Neave served in the Royal Artillery Unit, which has a garrison in Hohne, during World War Two. One of the commanders in that war was Chiang Kai-shek.
The generated text is : Albert B. White was born in Cleveland and he died in Parkersburg, West Virginia. His successor was William M. O. Dawson who was born in Bloomington, Maryland.
The generated text is : Born in Cleveland, Albert B. White started his career on March 4, 1901 and finished it on March 4th 1905.
The generated text is : Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York, where one of the languages spoken is French, He fought in the American Civil War, a conflict in which Abraham Lincoln was a commander.
The generated text is : Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York City and died in Dona Ana County, New Mexico. He had fought in the American Civil War, during which, Jefferson Davis was a commander.
The generated text is : Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island, New York. He died in the New Mexico Territory in the U.S.
The generated text is : Alberto Teisaire, a member of the Justicialist Party was in office while Juan Peron was president. Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires, where Horacio Rodriguez Larreta is the leader.
The generated text is : Isaac Rojas was the successor to Alberto Teisaire, who was born in Mendoza, Argentina. Alberto Teisaire was a Rear Admiral by profession and worked as a Provisional President of the Argentine Senate.
The generated text is : Alfred Moore Scales, a member of the U.S. Democratic Party, was born in Reidsville, North Carolina. He Governor of North Carolina and was succeeded by Daniel Gould Fowle.
The generated text is : Connecticut born Alfred N Phillips, who served in the US Army, fought in the battle called Whiskey Rebellion. He was later a Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district.
The generated text is : Connecticut born Alfred N Phillips, a Democrate, worked as Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district and was succeded by Albert E. Austin.
The generated text is : Darien, Connecticut is the birthplace of Alfred N. Phillips, who was Mayor of Stamford, Connecticut. Alfred N. Phillips, was a member of the Democratic Party in the United States and was succeeded Alfred N. Phillips.
The generated text is : Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin, Texas and served in the Democratic Party in the U.S. He worked as the Governor of Texas and was succeeded by, Price Daniel.
The generated text is : Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin, Texas and is a member of the Democratic Party in the United States. He served as the Governor of Texas and was succeeded by Wilfred R. Cousins Jr.
The generated text is : Alvah Sabin worked in Vermont where he was secretary of the state and represented the 3rd Congressional District. The largest city in the state of Vermont is Burlington.
The generated text is : The largest city in Vermont is Burlington and Alvah Sabin represented Vermont because he belongs to the Whig Party (United States). Daniel Webster was a leader of the Whig Party in the United States.
The generated text is : One of the commanders during the American Civil War was Robert E Lee. The conflict included the Battle of Gettysburg in which Aaron S Daggett took part and was awarded the Purple Heart.
The generated text is : Alberto Teisaire, is a national of Argentina, where Spanish is spoken. Alberto Teisaire, was in office while Juan Perón was president. Juan Perón was a member of the Labour Party in Argentina.
The generated text is : Juan Peron was a member of the Argentian Labour Party and during his Presidency Alberto Teisaire, who was born in Mendoza in Argentina, was in office. Isaac Rojas eventually succeeded Teisaire.
The generated text is : AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft, owned by Costa Crociere, the parent company of which is, Carnival Corporation & plc. AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruises which is located in Germany.
The generated text is : AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft and is operated by AIDA Cruise Line. The AIDAstella has a beam of 32.2 m, is 253260.0 millimetres in length and has a beam of 32.2 m.
The generated text is : The ALCO RS-3, built by the American Locomotive Company, was produced Between May 1950 and August 1956. It has 12 cylinders, a four-stroke engine and is 17068.8 millimetres.
The generated text is : The ALCO RS-3, produced between May 1950 and August 1956 by the American Locomotive Company, has 12 cylinders and a V12 engine and it's length is 17068.8 millimetres.
The generated text is : The inhabitants of the United States, from where ALV X-1 hails, are called Americans. The Star Spangled Banner is the national anthem of the united States, Washington D.C. is its capital city and Native Americans one of its ethnic groups .
The generated text is : The AMC Matador (also known as the American Motors Matador) is assembled in Thames, New Zealand. Classified as a mid-size car, it features a wagon style body and an AMC V8 engine.
The generated text is : P&O company is located in London and owns the Alhambra which was built by, the Samuda Brothers. The Alhambra has an 8.3m ship beam and is powered by a Humphrys, Tennant and Dykes engine.
The generated text is : AMC Matador is manufactured by American Motors, a key person of the company is Roy D Chapin Jr. The Wheel Horse is a subsidiary of American Motors which was succeeded by Eagle and acquired by Chrysler.
The generated text is : The American Submarine NR-1 has a ship beam of 3.8 m, a ship draft of 4.6m, is 45000.0 (millimetres) long and has a top speed of 8.334 km/h. It was launched on The 25th of January 1969.
The generated text is : The Minotaur IV rocket was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0, the same launch site that the Antares rocket was launched from. The rocket Antares is comparable to Delta II which is from the United States.
The generated text is : Yuzhnoye Design Office created the Antares rocket whose initial flight took place July 13, 2014 at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. The rocket is 3.9 m in diameter and took its last trip on Oct. 28, 2014.
The generated text is : The Antares rocket is 3.9 metres in diametre and is manufactured by the Yuzhnoye Design Office. Its launch site was the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. The Antares rocket made its first flight on October 28th, 2014 and its final flight on September 18th, 2013.
The generated text is : The Ariane 5 had its first voyage August 11, 2005 and its last flight on December 18, 2009. It was manufactured by Airbus Defence and Space and launched from the Guiana Space Centre. Its diameter is 5.4 metres.
The generated text is : The Ariane 5 was launched at the ELA-3, which is located at the Guiana Space Centre, which has its own HQ in French Guiana. The ELA-3 is operated by Arianespace, which is located in Courcouronnes.
The generated text is : The Aston Martin V8, manufactured by Aston Martin, is related to the Aston Martin DBS and was succeeded by the Aston Martin Vantage. Its engine volume is 5.3 litres. and it is assembled at Newport Pagnell.
The generated text is : The Aston Martin V8, related to the Aston Martin DBS and the Aston Martin RHAM/1 , is a Coupe with an engine volume of 5.3 litres. It is assembled in Newport Pagnell.
The generated text is : The Aston Martin V8, assembled in the United Kingdom (leader:Elizabeth II), was succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage which was manufactured by Aston Martin. The V8 and the Virage are relative means of transport with the Aston MArtin DBS.
The generated text is : Audi A1 hatchback is a supermini vehicle made in Brussels, Belgium. It contains a 1.2 l front engine with a front wheel drive layout.
The generated text is : Audi A1 is made by Audi, the company which was founded by August Horch. Audi e-tron is a division of Audi which has Lamborghini and Ducati as subsidiaries.
The generated text is : Caterpillar Inc. founded in California in the U.S. is now in Peoria, Ill. That company powered the AIDAluna craft and is owned by AIDA Cruises.
The generated text is : AIDA Cruises, located at Rostock, is owned by AIDAluna. AIDAluna is powered by Caterpillar Inc., which was founded in the U.S. and is led by Douglas R. Oberhelman.
The generated text is : AIDAluna, owned by AIDA Cruises, is powered by Caterpillar Inc., where Douglas R. Oberhelman is a key person. Caterpillar Inc. was founded in the United States and is in Peoria, Illinois.
The generated text is : Carnival Corporation & plc is the parent company of Costa Crociere in Genoa, who own the AIDAstella. AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft and is operated by AIDA Cruises.
The generated text is : Finland's Arctech Helsinki Shipyard built the icebreaker, Aleksey Chirikov. Juha Sipila leads Finland, where the people are known as Finns and Sami languages are spoken.
The generated text is : The A Rosa Luna was built on the Neptun Werft, located in Rostock, Germany. Germany (whose capital city is Berlin) is led by Joachim Gauck.
The generated text is : Neptun Werft of Rostock, Germany made the A-Rosa Luna. Berlin is the capital of Germany and Andreas Voßkuhle is a leader there.
The generated text is : The Atlas II is from the United States, whose capital is Washington, D.C. Inhabitants of the United States are called Americans, and english is a spoken language there. An ethnic group called Native Americans is also located in the United States.
The generated text is : Penarol, where Abel Hernandez played youth football, is managed by Jorge Orosmán da Silva. Hernandez later played for Uruguayan Segunda División side Central Español and then moved to U.S. Città di Palermo.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Chumakov, who died in Russia, belonged to FC Torpedo Moscow and the Soviet Union national football team. FC Torpedo is managed by FC Torpedo, a Russian leader.
The generated text is : Aleksandre Guruli's club is Olympique Lyonnais who are chaired by Jean-Michel Aulas and have their home ground at the Parc Olympique Lyonnais stadium. He also plays for FC Karpaty Lviv who are managed by Oleh Luzhny.
The generated text is : The defender, Alessio Romagnoli is a member of the Serie A league club A.C. Milan who are managed by Sinisa Mihajlovic. He is also connected to UC Sampdoria.
The generated text is : Alessio Romagnoli belongs to A.C. Milan and plays for U.C. Sampdoria and Italy's national under-17 football tea,. A C Milan is managed by Siniša Mihajlović and includes chairman Silvio Berlusconi.
The generated text is : Abel Hernández played youth football for Central Español part of the Uruguayan Segunda División league. Mr. Hernandez plays for the US Citta di Palermo and the Uruguay National football team. Giuseppe Iachini manages the U.S. Città di Palermo team.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudnikov's club is FC Spartak Moscow who have Sergey Rodionov as their chairman and play at the Otkrytiye arena. He also plays for FC Amkar Perm who are managed by Gadzhi Gadzhiyev.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudnikov has played for the clubs FC Terek Grozny (based in Grozny), where the manager was Rashid Rakhimov and FC Spartak Moscow, whose chairman is Sergey Rodionov.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudnikov played for FC Spartak Moscow's youth team and later for FC Dynamo Moscow. He has also been signed to Grozy based FC Terek Grozny, who are managed by Rashid Rakhimov.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Chumakov, born in the soviet Union, belongs to the Soviet Union national football team and plays for FC Torpedo Moscow, which plays in the Russian Premier League's 2014-15 season and is managed by Valery Petrakov.
The generated text is : Akeem Adams' former clubs include United Petrotrin FC, who play at Palo Seco, and Ferencvarosi TC, where Thomas Doll is the manager and Gabor Kubatov is the chairman.
The generated text is : Akeem Adams' club is Ferencvarosi TC who are managed by Thomas Doll and chaired by Gabor Kubatov. He has previously played for United Petrotrin FC who are based at the Palo Seco Velodrome.
The generated text is : 19255 1994 VK8 has a mass of 5.6kg,an orbital period of 8788850000.0 and its epoch date was on 31 December 2006.It has a periapsis of 6155910000000.0 and its apoapsis is 6603633000.0 kilometres.
The generated text is : James Craig Watson, who discovered 101 Helena on 15th August 1868, is a Canadian national who attended the University of Michigan. He died in Madison, Wisconsin.
The generated text is : James Craig Watson, who discovered 101 Helena, originated from Canada and studied at the University of Michigan. He died in Madison, Wisconsin from peritonitis.
The generated text is : German Walter Baade discovered 1036 Ganymed. Baade died in Gottingen, was a graduate of the University of Gottingen and Allan Sandage was among his doctoral students.
The generated text is : Halton Arp and Allan Sandage were doctoral students of Walter Baade, the discoverer of 1036 Ganymed. Baade was born in the German Empire and graduated from the University of Gottingen.
The generated text is : Walter Baade, who had a doctoral student named Allan Sandage, was the discoverer of 1036 Ganymed. He was a German national born in the German Empire and graduated from the University of Gottingen.
The generated text is : Canadian James Craig Watson discovered 103 Hera on September 7th, 1868. His alma mater was the University of Michigan and Watson died in Madison, Wisconsin.
The generated text is : James Craig Watson, a Canadian who went to the University of Michigan, found 103 Hera. 103 Hera has a periapsis measurement of 371240000.0 (kilometres). Mr. Watson died in Madison, Wisconsin.
The generated text is : 107 Camilla has an orbital period of 2368.05 days,its epoch date was on December 31st 2006 and was discovered byy B. Zellner.The periapsis of 107 Camilla is 479343000.0 (kilometres) and its apoapsis is 560937000.0 km.
The generated text is : 107 Camilla, which has the epoch 31 December 2006 and an orbital period of 2368.05 days, was discovered by C Woods. The periapsis measurement is 479343000.0 kms and the apoapsis 560937000.0 km.
The generated text is : 107 Camilla, which has the epoch date 31 December 2006, was discovered by F Vilas and has an orbital period of 2368.05 days. The apoapsis and periapsis measurements are 560937000.0 kilometres and 479343000.0 kilometres respectively.
The generated text is : N. R. Pogson was an Englishman,born in Nottingham and died in Chennai.He discovered 107 Camilla which has an absolute magnitude of 7.08.
The generated text is : The epoch of 1089 Tama(whose former name was ( A919 HA; 1927 WB) is 2005-11-26. The escape velocity of 1089 Tama is 0.0068 km/sec, has an orbital period of 1202.846 days and an apoapsis of 373513000.0 (kilometres).
The generated text is : 1101 Clematis has a mass of 5.7 kilograms,an orbital period of 183309000.0 and its epoch date was on 31st July 2016.It has an escape velocity of 0.02 km/sec and its apoapsis is 520906000.0 kilometres.
The generated text is : 11264 Claudiomaccone has an epoch date of November 26th 2005, an orbital period of 1513.722 days. a periapsis of 296521000.0 km, an apoapsis of 475426000.0 km, and a temperature of 173.0 kelvins.
The generated text is : Abdul Taib Mahmud was born on 21 May 1936 in Miri, Malaysia, and lives in Kuching. His party was the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and he represented the Asajaya region.
The generated text is : The birth place of Abdul Taid Mahmud was the Kingdom of Sarawak and his residence was Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching, Sarawak. He was a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and was succeeded by Adenan Satem who had attended the University of Adelaide.
The generated text is : Abdulsalami Abubakar who ended his career on May 29th, 1999, served in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President. Akhigbe served in the Nigerian Navy and succeeded Oladipo Diya as V.P. before Atiku Abubakar took over from Akhigbe.
The generated text is : Abdulsalami Abubakar served in the Nigerian Army and was in office whilst Mike Akhigbe (the successor to Oladipo Diya) was Vice President. His career ended on 29 May 1999 and he was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo.
The generated text is : Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in Connecticut, United States,where he became governor. He was a member of the Democratic party in the United States. He died in the United States.
The generated text is : Abraham A Ribicoff was a US national born in Connecticut and dying in New York City. He was a member of the Democratic Party in the U.S.A. and worked as the United States Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare.
The generated text is : Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S., the country Abraham A. Ribicoff was a national of. Abraham A. Ribicoff; was born in Connecticut, married to Casey Ribicoff, and died in New York.
The generated text is : Adam Holloway was born in Kent and attended Magdalene College in Cambridge. He began his career on 5 May 2005 and served in the Grenadier Guards and became a member of parliament for Gravesham.
The generated text is : Adam Holloway, who was born in Faversham, Kent, England, is a member of the Conservative Party in the UK. He studied at Magdalene College Cambridge before joining the Grenadier Guards and later starting his political career on 5th May 2005.
The generated text is : Adonis Georgiadis (who was succeeded by Makis Voridis), was born in Athens, Greece and was in office under Antonis Samaras, Prime Minister. Antonis Samaras was in office while Konstantinos Mitsotakis was Prime Minister.
The generated text is : Emile Roemer is a member and leader of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands. The country is led by Mark Rutte and Agnes Kant, a national of the country, worked at the House of Representatives.
The generated text is : Agnes Kant was born in the Netherlands and lives in Doesburg. She worked at the house of representatives in the Netherlands, where Mark Rutte is the leader. Khadija Arib is the leader of the House of Representatives.
The generated text is : Agnes Kant, whose nationality is Netherlands, resided in Doesburg. The leader of the Netherlands is Mark Rutte, and the leader of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands is Emile Roemer.
The generated text is : Albert B White was born on 22 September 1856 and died on 3 July 1941 in Parkersburg, West Virginia.
The generated text is : Albert B. White was born in Cleveland, was married to Agnes Ward White and died in Parkersburg, West Virginia. White was succeeded in office by William M.O. Dawson who was born in Bloomington, Maryland.
The generated text is : Cleveland born Albert B White, who was married to Agnes Ward White, served as the Governor of West Virginia and finished his career on March 4th 1905. He was succeeded by William M O Dawson.
The generated text is : Albert B White was born in Cleveland and had a career from 4 March 1901 to 4 March 1905. He was a member of the Republican Party in the United States and his successor was William M O Dawson.
The generated text is : Alberto Teisaire was in office while Labour Party member Juan Peron, who was married to Eva Peron, was President of Argentina. Teisaire died in Buenos Aires where Horacio Rodríguez Larreta was the leader.
The generated text is : Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza in Agentina, on 1891-05-20. A Rear Admiral by profession, Alberto Teisaire, worked as the Provisional President of the Argentine Senate. Isaac Rojas was the successor to Alberto Teisaire.
The generated text is : Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria, in the state, Tyrol. Alfons Gorbach was a member of the Austrian People's Party and died in Graz, in Styria.
The generated text is : A member of the Austrian People's Party, Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, in the state of Tyrol and died in Graz, in Styria.
The generated text is : Vermont native Alvah Sabin represented the State's 3rd Congressional District and he died in Sycamore, Illinois after ending his career on March 3rd, 1857. Vermont's largest city is Burlington.
The generated text is : Alvah Sabin was from Vermont, where the largest city is Burlington. Georgia Vermont is the birthplace of Alvah Sabin, who represented Vermont's 3rd Congressional District and died in Sycamore, Illinois.
The generated text is : American Alfred Moore Scales fought at the Battle of Gettysburg during the American Civil War. Jefferson Davis was one of the war's commanders and one of several ethnic groups in the U.S. are the Native Americans.
The generated text is : American Civil War, Siege of Petersburg involved U.S. born Alfred Moore Scales. The American Civil War was commanded by Jefferson Davis. An ethnic group of the United States includes Native Americans.
The generated text is : Alberto Teisaire is a national of Argentina where the Spanish language is spoken. He was in office during the Presidency of Labour party member Juan Peron, who was married to Eva Peron.
The generated text is : Aaron Bertram is a ska punk musician, a genre that originated from punk rock. He is an artist with Kids Imagine Nation and also plays for Suburban Legends Band. Brian Robertson plays the trombone for Suburban Legends.
The generated text is : American Aaron Deer is an Indie rock musician from Indiana. He has a background as a solo singer and was part of the band Wee Giant.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner, whose origin is the United States, started performing in 1995. Aaron Turner; performs black metal music, played for Old Man Gloom and is a musician in the Lotus Eaters band.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner was born in Massachusetts and started performing in 1995. He formerly played with the band Twilight and is now in the Lotus Eaters. He is is closely associated with the sludge metal genre.
The generated text is : Abradab was born in Katowice, Poland on Novembe 12, 1978. He played with Kaliber 44 and is associated with the rapper Magik.
The generated text is : Ace Wilder has a musical background as a solo singer was born on July 23rd, 1982, in Sweden.
The generated text is : Ace Wilder, a solo singer and songwriter, was born on July 23, 1982 in Stockholm.
The generated text is : Ace Wilder's musical genre is Hip hop. Hip Hop music has its origins in Funk and Disco, and Drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music, which has a subgénre Gangsta rap.
The generated text is : Drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music which originated from Funk and Disco. Ace Wilder, who was born in Sweden, plays the musical genre of hip hop.
The generated text is : Al Anderson (of the rock music band NRBQ) played once with The Wildweeds, was born in Windsor, Connecticut, and became active in 1966.
The generated text is : Al Anderson plays the guitar for the rock band NRBQ. Rock music originated from country music and is an element of the fusion genre Bhangra.
The generated text is : Alan Frew, who is from Newmarket, Ontario, (Canada, was born in Coatbridge. He is a musician and solo singer.
The generated text is : Aleksandra Kovac is a solo pop music singer who was born in 1972 in the Socialist Republic of Serbia. Disco music is a fusion genre of pop music.
The generated text is : Rhythm and blues singer Aleksandra Kovač became musically active in 1990. She is in same band as Kornelije Kovač, part of the K2 (Kovač sisters duo) and also has a solo career.
The generated text is : Alfred Garth Jones was born in 1872 in Manchester, England in the U.K. He died in London.
The generated text is : Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester and died in Sidcup, London. Boris Johnson is a leader in London, who's leader is the European Parliament.
The generated text is : Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester and died in Sidcup, London. The leader of London is the European Parliament, and the leader of Manchester is The Labour Party (UK).
The generated text is : Alison O'Donnell, a member of the Flibbertigibbet band and the Mellow Candle band, played folk music of Ireland becoming active in her career in 1963. Alison signed to Floating World Records.
The generated text is : Alison O'Donnell plays jazz music, where Funk is a derivative and has sign for Stanyan Records label as well as Deram records based in London.
The generated text is : Afrobeat is a fusion genre of Jazz. Funk is a derivative of Jazz which has its stylistic origins in folk music. Alison O'Donnell performs jazz music and can play the autoharp.
The generated text is : Alison O'Donnell is a singer who plays the bodhran, percussion and autoharp and also performs jazz music. Funk is derived from Jazz and Afrobeat music is a fusion of Jazz music. Blues music influenced Jazz music.
The generated text is : Allen Forrest was a solo acoustic singer and was born in the year 1981, in Dothan (Fort Campbell), Alabama.
The generated text is : Anders Osborne is a rock musician who career began in 1989; he is associated with the musical artist Billy Iuso, the band Galactic, and with Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars.
The generated text is : Anders Osborne musical career began in 1989. His career began in the blue's genre. He has been associated with the band, Galactic as well as Tab Benoit. Osborne also has ties to fellow musician Billy Iuso.
The generated text is : Andra was born in Campia, Turzii in 1986. She is a Dance-pop music singer and makes a living as a singer and reality television judge.
The generated text is : Solo singer, Andra, was born in 1986, in Romania. Andra is a rhythm and blues singer whose occupation is singing.
The generated text is : Andrew Rayel has performed the genre of Trance music which has its stylistic origins in pop music. He Andrew Rayel has been associated with the following musical artists: Bobina, Armin Van Buuren, Bobina, Mark Sixma, Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano, Alexandre Bergheau, Jonny Rose, Sylvia Tosun, Lira Yin and Alexandra Badoi.
The generated text is : Andrew Rayel, who was born in Chisinau, Moldova, started his career in 2009 and his musical genre is trance music. He is associated with Christian Burns and Armin van Buuren.
The generated text is : Andrew Rayel was born in Chisinau, Moldova and began as a musician performing Trance Music in 2009. He is associated with musicians, Jwaydan Moyine and Bobina.
The generated text is : Trance music performer Andrew Rayel was a string instrumentalist. He's associated with Christian Burns and Jwaydan Moyine, who in turn knows John Digweed.
The generated text is : The musician Andrew White is part of the Kaiser Chiefs and is signed to the record label B-Unique Records and Polydor Records. He started his musical career in 2003 and was associated with Marry Banilow.
The generated text is : Drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music which has its origins in both Funk and Disco. Hip hop music is the musical genre of Allen Forrest, who was born in Fort Campbell.
The generated text is : 1981 born Allen Forrest's genre, is Hip Hop music, which originated from funk and disco and drum and bass is a derivative of Hip hop music.
The generated text is : The Labour Party is in the majority in Manchester, the birthplace of Alfred Garth Jones. Alfred Garth Jones died in. Sidcup, in London which is led by the Parliament of the United Kingdom.
The generated text is : Agustin Barboza was born in Asuncion, in Paraguay. The country which has an ethnic group called the Mestizo. it is also the country where Spanish is spoken and which is led by Juan Afara.
The generated text is : Andrew White is an alternative rock musician signed to the record label B-Unique Records and Polydor Records in London. Nu metal is a music fusion genre of alternative rock.
The generated text is : The musician Andrew White's record label used to be Universal records which is now a defunct label. His record label is Polydor Records which is located in London. Andrew White's genre is alternative rock , the music fusion genre of which, is Nu metal.
The generated text is : Al Anderson plays the guitar in the rock music band NRBQ. Rock music originated from country music, which originated from blues music; The music Bhangra is part of the fusion genre, partly coming from Rock music.
The generated text is : Al Anderson plays with the rock band NRBQ. Rock has its origiins in the blues and country music, where the banjo is played, and Bhangra is a rock fusion.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner is an electric guitar player who has played with the black metal band Twilight and with Old Man Gloom. Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal.
