The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Aaron S Daggett was awarded the Purple Heart.
The generated text is : The Battle of Mine Run was one fought by Aaron S Daggett.
The generated text is : Stellendam, Netherlands is the birthplace of Ab Klink.
The generated text is : Abdul Rahman Ya'kub was in office while Tuanku Bujang Tuanku Othman was Vice President.
The generated text is : Abdul Taib Mahmud belongs to the party of Parti Bumiputera Sarawak.
The generated text is : Abdul Taib Mahmud's successor was Sulaiman Abdul Rahman Taib.
The generated text is : Abdulsalami Abubakar ended his career on 1999-05-29.
The generated text is : Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Minna.
The generated text is : Abdulsalami Abubakar's birthplace was Niger State.
The generated text is : Abner W. Sibal ended his military career January 3, 1965.
The generated text is : Abner W Sibal died in Alexandria, Virginia.
The generated text is : Adam Holloway was born in Kent.
The generated text is : Adam Holloway's residence is Gravesend.
The generated text is : The alma mater of Adenan Satem is the University of Adelaide.
The generated text is : Adolf Schärf's place of birth was Mikulov.
The generated text is : Adonis Georgiadis was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister.
The generated text is : Adonis Georgiadis worked as Deputy Minister for Development, Competitiveness and Shipping.
The generated text is : Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendorf.
The generated text is : Marietta, Ohio was the birthplace of Agnes Ward White.
The generated text is : Airey Neave started his career on 30th June 1953.
The generated text is : Airey Neave was awarded the Military Cross.
The generated text is : Knightsbridge, London is the birthplace of Airey Neave.
The generated text is : Airey Neave's military rank is Lieutenant Colonel.
The generated text is : Airey Neave began his military career in 1935.
The generated text is : Albert B.White is a member of the Republican Party of the United States.
The generated text is : The spouse of Albert B. White was Agnes Ward White.
The generated text is : Albert Jennings Fountain served in the Union Army.
The generated text is : Alberto Teisaire's nationality is Argentinian.
The generated text is : Alberto Teisaire was a Rear Admiral in the Argentine Navy.
The generated text is : Alfons Gorbach's place of death was in Austria.
The generated text is : Alfred Moore Scales started his career on 1875-03-04.
The generated text is : Alfred Moore Scales took part in the Battle of Chancellorsville.
The generated text is : Darien, Connecticut is the birthplace of Alfred N. Phillips.
The generated text is : Alfred N Phillips was Mayor of Stamford, Connecticut.
The generated text is : Allan Shivers started his career from January 21, 1947.
The generated text is : Allan Shivers served in the United States Army.
The generated text is : Allan Shivers had the successor Price Daniel.
The generated text is : Alvah Sabin was an active politician beginning March 4, 1853.
The generated text is : Alvah Sabin was a member of the United States Whig Party.
The generated text is : Robert E Lee was a commander in the American Civil War.
The generated text is : In Austria, the language is Austrian German.
The generated text is : Robert E Lee was commander in the Battle of Antietam.
The generated text is : The Battle of Cold Harbor took place during the American Civil War.
The generated text is : Gabriela Michetti is a leader in Buenos Aires.
The generated text is : Colin Powell was a commander in the Gulf War.
The generated text is : Dwight D. Eisenhower was the predecessor to John F. Kennedy.
The generated text is : The University of Vienna is the Alma mater of Josef Klaus.
The generated text is : Francisco Franco was the predecessor of Juan Carlos I of Spain.
The generated text is : Juan Perón was a member of the Labour Party in Argentina.
The generated text is : The leader of the Netherlands is Mark Rutte.
The generated text is : The United States Army was involved in battles in the Spanish-American War.
The generated text is : The birthplace of William M. O. Dawson was Bloomington Maryland.
The generated text is : Dodge Coronet is the alternative name for the 1955 Dodge.
The generated text is : The 1955 Dodge engine is 230 cubic inches.
The generated text is : The A-Rosa Luna was christened on the 7th of April 2005.
The generated text is : The location of AIDA Cruises is Rostock.
The generated text is : AIDA Cruises is the operator of the AIDAluna.
The generated text is : The AIDAstella was christened on the 16th of March, 2013.
The generated text is : The AIDAstella was completed on March 11th 2013.
The generated text is : The AIDAstella had its maiden voyage on March 17, 2013.
The generated text is : The ship AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruises.
The generated text is : The launch site of ALV X-1 was Mid Atlantic Regional Spaceport.
The generated text is : The AMC Matador is also known as American Motors Matador.
The generated text is : The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) was sold to the Netherlands on the 1st of April 1948.
The generated text is : The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé has a straight-four engine.
The generated text is : The Acura TLX has a Honda K engine.
The generated text is : The Acura TLX has an AWD vehicle layout.
The generated text is : The Acura TLX is related to the Honda Accord.
The generated text is : The transmission of the Acura TLX is a 9-speed ZF 9HP automatic (V6).
The generated text is : The Alfa Romeo 164 was assembled in Arese.
The generated text is : Alfa Romeo 164 and Lancia Thema are related types of transportation.
The generated text is : The Alfa Romeo 164 has a 4-speed automatic (ZF 4HP18QE) transmission.
The generated text is : The Alhambra was built by the Samuda Brothers.
The generated text is : The Alhambra ship beam is 8.3m.
The generated text is : The Alhambra had wrecked.
The generated text is : The Alhambra had a top speed of 18.52 km/h.
The generated text is : Alvis Speed 25 has a straight-six engine.
The generated text is : Production, of the Alvis Speed 25, began in 1937.
The generated text is : The American submarine NR-1 has a ship draft of 4.6m.
The generated text is : The Antares rocket's final flight was on the 28th October 2014.
The generated text is : The Antares rocket was launched at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0.
The generated text is : Gabriela Michetti is the leader of Argentina.
The generated text is : Guiana Space Centre was the launch site of the Ariane 5.
The generated text is : The Ariane 5 had its first voyage August 11, 2005.
The generated text is : The Aston Martin V8 is a convertible.
The generated text is : The manufacturer of the Aston Martin V8 is the Aston Martin.
The generated text is : The Aston Martin Virage is made by the company Aston Martin.
The generated text is : Atlas II had its final flight on March 16th 1998.
The generated text is : Atlas II was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base.
The generated text is : Audi was founded by August Horch.
The generated text is : The Audi A1 is assembled by Audi Brussels.
The generated text is : The Seat Ibiza and the Audi A1 are both cars and therefore a related means of transportation.
The generated text is : Caterpillar Inc. is located in Peoria, Illinois.
The generated text is : Costa Crociere is located in Genoa.
The generated text is : The DeSoto Custom and Chrysler Newport are related types of transport.
The generated text is : The Fiat Croma is related to the Alfa Romeo 164.
The generated text is : Germans are the people of Germany.
The generated text is : Norbert Lammert is a leader in Germany.
The generated text is : The leader of Germany is Stanislaw Tillich.
The generated text is : Gruppo Bertone was founded by Giovanni Bertone.
The generated text is : The Guiana Space Centre has its headquarters at Kourou in French Guiana.
The generated text is : The manufacturer of the Honda K engine is Honda.
The generated text is : The Star Spangled Banner is the national anthem of the united States.
The generated text is : Native Americans are on of the ethnic groups in the United States.
The generated text is : The Chairman of A C Milan is Silvio Berlusconi.
The generated text is : Aaron Boogaard's birthplace is Canada.
The generated text is : Aaron Hunt played for the club SV Werder Bremen.
The generated text is : Abel Hernandez is in the Uruguay Olympic football team.
The generated text is : Abel Hernandez's club is the Uruguay National football team.
The generated text is : The footballer Abner was born in Brazil.
The generated text is : Adam Maher's birthplace is Diemen.
The generated text is : Adam Maher was born in the Netherlands.
The generated text is : Adam Maher played for the Netherlands national under-17 football team.
The generated text is : Adam Maher's club is PSV Eindhoven.
The generated text is : Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for the Iraq national football team.
The generated text is : Akeem Adams was born in Point Fortin.
The generated text is : Akeem Dent's former team is the Atlanta Falcons.
The generated text is : Akeem Priestley's club is the Connecticut Huskies.
The generated text is : Al-Khor Sports Club is in the Qatar Stars League.
The generated text is : Basim Qasim is the manager of Al-Zawra'a SC.
The generated text is : Al Kharaitiyat SC play in the Qatar Stars League.
The generated text is : Alaa Abdul-Zahra was born in Baghdad.
The generated text is : Alaa Abdul-Zahra's club is Sanat Mes Kerman F.C.
The generated text is : Alan Martin played football for Hamilton Academical F.C.
The generated text is : Alan Martin is a footballer with the Scotland national under-19 football team club.
The generated text is : Aleksander Barkov Jr's birthdate is 1995-09-02.
The generated text is : Aleksander Barkov Jr has played for the Florida Panthers.
The generated text is : Aleksander Barkov Jr is 1.905m tall.
The generated text is : Aleksander Barkov Jr played in the National Hockey League.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudnikov's date of birth is 1989-02-24.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Amkar Perm.
The generated text is : Aleksandre Guruli was born in Batumi.
The generated text is : Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Samtredia.
The generated text is : Aleksandre Guruli's club is the Georgia national under 21 football team.
The generated text is : Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.S. Roma.
The generated text is : Alessio Romagnoli plays for the A.S. Roma youth team.
The generated text is : Alex Plante was born in Manitoba.
The generated text is : Alex Tyus's league is the Turkish Basketball Super League.
The generated text is : Atlanta Falcons play in Atlanta.
The generated text is : Don Sweeney is general manager for the Boston Bruins.
The generated text is : Budapest is a city in Hungary.
The generated text is : English is the language spoken in Canada.
The generated text is : In Canada, the language is Slavey.
The generated text is : The Columbus Blue Jackets' city is Columbus, Ohio.
The generated text is : Oleh Luzhny is the manager of FC Karpaty Lviv.
The generated text is : Valery Petrakov is the manager of FC Torpedo Moscow.
The generated text is : Gábor Kubatov is the chairman of Ferencvárosi TC.
The generated text is : The language of Finland is the Finnish language.
The generated text is : The coach of the Italian national under 16 football team is Daniele Zoratto.
The generated text is : Maccabi Ashdod BC's coach is Zvi Sherf.
The generated text is : Motherwell FC's ground is Fir Park.
The generated text is : Jean-Michel Aulas is the owner of Olympique Lyonnais.
The generated text is : The St. Louis Rams are based in the city of St. Louis.
The generated text is : Tennessee Titans are based in Nashville, Tennessee.
The generated text is : Aaron Bertram started performing in 1998.
The generated text is : Aaron Deer collaborates with The Horns of Happiness.
The generated text is : Aaron Deer has been signed to the record label Kill Rock Stars.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner falls in the genre of avant-garde metal music.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner plays progressive metal music.
The generated text is : Abradab has a background as a solo singer.
The generated text is : Abradab was born on November 12th 1978.
The generated text is : The birth place of Abradab is Poland.
The generated text is : The musical genre of Abradab is hip hop music.
The generated text is : Agustín Barboza plays Guarania style of music.
The generated text is : Ahmet Ertegun was born in Istanbul, Turkey.
The generated text is : Alan Frew is a performer of rock music.
The generated text is : Albennie Jones has worked with the musical artist Sammy Price.
The generated text is : Aleksandra Kovac is a solo singer.
The generated text is : Aleksandra Kovac was born in Yugoslavia.
The generated text is : The musical genre of Aleksandra Kovac is rhythm and blues.
The generated text is : Aleksandra Kovač's genre is soul music.
The generated text is : The musical genre of Alex Day is Synthpop.
The generated text is : Alfredo Zitarrosa is associated with fellow musician Héctor Numa Moraes.
The generated text is : Montevideo is the birth place of Alfredo Zitarrosa.
The generated text is : Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Uruguay.
The generated text is : Alfredo Zitarrosa was signed to the RCA Records label.
The generated text is : Alison O'Donnell started performing in 1963.
The generated text is : Alison O'Donnell plays jazz music.
The generated text is : Alison O'Donnell is a singer and also plays the bodhran, percussion and autoharp.
The generated text is : Allen Forrest was born on February 4, 1981.
The generated text is : Allen Forrest plays pop music.
The generated text is : The location of Alligator Records is Chicago.
The generated text is : Anders Osborne is associated with the musical artist Johnny Sansone.
The generated text is : Anders Osborne performs rhythm and blues music.
The generated text is : Anders Osborne was signed to the record label 'Alligator Records'.
The generated text is : Andra is a rhythm and blues singer.
The generated text is : Andrew Rayel began his musical career in 2009.
The generated text is : Andrew Rayel is associated with Christian Burns.
The generated text is : The birth place of Andrew Rayel is Chisinau, Moldova.
The generated text is : The musician, Andrew White, is associated with the musical artist, Marry Banilow.
The generated text is : Andrew White is a musician signed to the record label B-Unique Records.
The generated text is : Asunción is a part of Gran Asunción.
The generated text is : Christian Burns plays the guitar.
The generated text is : Hip hop music has the sub genre Gangsta rap.
The generated text is : Hip hop music originated from funk music.
The generated text is : The stylistic origin of indie rock is new wave music.
The generated text is : Manchester is part of Greater Manchester.
The generated text is : Polydor Records are based in London.
The generated text is : The distribution company for RCA Records is Sony Music Entertainment.
The generated text is : Rock and roll music originated from blues music.
The generated text is : Synthpop is a form of pop music.
The generated text is : People from the United Kingdom are called British people.
The generated text is : (19255) 1994 VK8 has a density of 2.0 grams per cubic centimetre.
The generated text is : (29075) 1950 DA was discovered by Carl A Wirtanen.
The generated text is : (410777) 2009 FD has an absolute magnitude of 22.1.
The generated text is : (410777) 2009 FD has an apoapsis of 259776702.47055 kilometres.
The generated text is : (66063) 1998 RO1 has an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 kilometres.
The generated text is : 66063 1998 RO1 has an epoch date of 4 November 2013.
The generated text is : 1000 Piazzia has an escape velocity of 0.0252 kilometres per second.
The generated text is : 1001 Gaussia was formerly known as 1923 OAA907 XC.
The generated text is : the maximum temperature of 1001 Gaussia is 165 kelvins.
The generated text is : 101 Helena has an apoapsis of 441092000.0 (kilometres).
The generated text is : The epoch of 101 Helena is 2006-12-31.
The generated text is : 101 Helena has a mass of 3.0 kgs.
The generated text is : 1036 Ganymed has an average speed of 16.86 km per sec.
The generated text is : 103 Hera has an absolute magnitude of 7.66.
The generated text is : 103 Hera's mass is 7.9kg.
The generated text is : The asteroid called 107 Camilla has an absolute magnitude of 7.08.
The generated text is : 107 Camilla was discovered by A Storrs.
The generated text is : 1089 Tama had the former name of "A894 VA; A904 VD;".
The generated text is : 1089 Tama has an orbital period of 1202.846 days.
The generated text is : 1097 Vicia has an average speed of 17.92 kilometres per second.
The generated text is : The epoch of 1097 Vicia is on 13 January 2016.
The generated text is : The rotation period of 1097 Vicia is 95040.0.
The generated text is : Christian Heinrich Friedrich Peters was the discoverer of 109 Felicitas.
The generated text is : 109 Felicitas has a periapsis of 283326000000.0.
The generated text is : The average speed of 10 Hygiea is 16.76 km per secs.
The generated text is : The periapsis of 1101 Clematis is 445895000000.0.
The generated text is : 110 Lydia has an epoch date of December 31st 2006.
The generated text is : 11264 Claudiomaccone has a temperature of 173.0 (kelvins).
The generated text is : James Craig Watson's alma mater was the University of Michigan.
The generated text is : N R Pogson was born in Nottingham.
The generated text is : Aaron S. Daggett fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg and received the Purple Heart.
The generated text is : Aaron S Daggett fought at the Battle of Gettysburg and was awarded the Purple Heart.
The generated text is : Stephen Yong Kuet Tze is Abdul Rahman Ya'kub's deputy. Abdul Taib Mahmud was Abdul Rahman Ya'kub's successor.
The generated text is : Abdul Taid Mahmud was born in Sarawak and is part of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu.
The generated text is : Abdulsalami Abubakar, was born in Minna, and has the Technical Institute Kaduna, for an almar mater.
The generated text is : Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State and was the Chief of the Defence Staff in Nigeria.
The generated text is : Al-Amin Daggash was succeeded as Chief of the Defence Staff in Nigeria by Abdulsalami Abubakar.
The generated text is : Abdulsalami Abubakar, ended his career on 1999-05-29, and was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo.
The generated text is : Abdulsalami Abubakar was also in office while Mr. Mike Akhigbe was Vice President. Olusegun Obasanjo succeeded Mr. Abubaka.
The generated text is : Joseph Stalin was a commander in World War II in which Abner W Sibal also fought.
The generated text is : Abner W. Sibal serve in the United States army which took part in the Korean War.
The generated text is : Adam Holloway went to school at Magdalene College Cambridge and was born in Kent.
The generated text is : Born in Kent, Adam Holloway now lives in Gravesend.
The generated text is : Adam Koc, who won the Virtuti Militari award, fought in World War I.
The generated text is : Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens and has been the Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of the Popular Orthodox Rally.
The generated text is : Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece.
The generated text is : Born in Greece, Adonis Georgiadis, worked as the Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally.
The generated text is : Agnes Kant, born in Hessisch Oldendorf, worked as the Parliamentary group leader.
The generated text is : Airey Neave served in the Royal Artillery Unit and was awarded the Military Cross.
The generated text is : Airey Neave was part of the Battle of France but started his career on March 4th, 1974.
The generated text is : Airey Neave was involved in the Battle of France in which Hugo Sperrle was a commander.
The generated text is : Airey Neave, who was born in Kinightsbridge, fought in World War II.
The generated text is : Airey Neave fought in World War II where Franklin D. Roosevelt was a commander.
The generated text is : Airey Neave fought in World War II during which Joseph Stalin was a commander.
The generated text is : Albert B White was born on 22nd September 1856 and died in 1941.
The generated text is : Born 22nd September, 1856, Albert B. White's profession was politician.
The generated text is : Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York City an died in Dona Ana County, New Mexico.
The generated text is : Albert Jennings Fountain passed away in the New Mexico Territory. He was in office while Edmund J. Davis was Vice President.
The generated text is : New York City is the birthplace of Albert Jennings Fountain who is also a member of the Republican Party in the U.S.A.
The generated text is : Alberto Teisaire worked as the Provisional President of the Argentine Senate and was succeded by Isaac Rojas.
The generated text is : Alfons Gorbach's birthplace was Austria-Hungary.
The generated text is : Alfons Gorbach was born in the state of Tyrol, in Austria.
The generated text is : Alfred Moore Scales, Governor of North Carolina was succeeded by James W Reid.
The generated text is : Alfred Moore Scales was succeeded by Daniel Gould Fowle, his alma mater is Princeton University.
The generated text is : Alfred N. Phillips was part of the U.S. House of Representatives and he was born in Connecticut.
The generated text is : Alfred N. Phillips served in the United States Army which fought in the American Civil War.
The generated text is : Allan Shivers fought during World War II in which Joseph Stalin was a commander.
The generated text is : Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin, Texas and was a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 (Port Arthur).
The generated text is : Allan Shivers was part of the Texas State Senate District 4 for Port Arthur. Ben Ramsey succeeded him.
The generated text is : Alvah Sabin was born October 23, 1793 and worked as the secretary of the State of Vermont.
The generated text is : Agnes Kant's country is the Netherlands where the currency is the euro.
The generated text is : Agnes Kant lives in The Netherlands whose leader is Mark Rutte.
The generated text is : Albert B White died in Parkersburg, West Virginia, which is part of the United States.
The generated text is : Aaron Boogaard was born in Saskatchewan and his club is Wichita Thunder.
The generated text is : Abel Hernandez played for the club Penarol, which was managed by Jorge Orosmán da Silva.
The generated text is : Abel Hernandez plays for the US Citta de Palermo club and also played for Penarol.
The generated text is : Adam Maher is connected to the AZ Alkmaar club and plays for the Netherlands National club for players under 17.
The generated text is : Adam Maher's club is PSV Eindhoven and he played for the Netherlands national under-17 football team.
The generated text is : Ahmad Kadhim Assad clubs are Steel Azin FC and Al Shorta SC.
The generated text is : Akeem Adams played for Ferencvarosi TC, where the manager is Thomas Doll.
The generated text is : Akeem Adams plays for the Trinidad and Tobago National football team and the T&TEC Sports Club.
The generated text is : Akeem Ayers was number 39 in the draft pick and his former team was New England Patriots.
The generated text is : Akeem Ayers' former team was Tennessee Titans and he was number 39 in the draft pick.
The generated text is : Akeem Dent was born September 27, 1987.
The generated text is : Akeem Priestley's club is the Connecticut Huskies and he previously played for Sheikh Russel KC.
The generated text is : Akeem Priestley’s club is RoPS and he played for Sheikh Russel KC.
The generated text is : Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for Al-Khor Sports Club located in Al-Khor.
The generated text is : Alaa Abdul Zahra's club is AL Kharaitiyat SC managed by Amar Osim.
The generated text is : Former clubs of the footballer Alan Martin include Hamilton Academicals FC and Leeds United FC.
The generated text is : Alan Martin once played for Hamilton Academicals FC, which plays their home games at New Douglas Park.
The generated text is : Aleksander Barkov was born on 2 September 1995 and plays for the Florida Panthers.
The generated text is : Aleksander Barkov Jr . was born in Tampere, Finland and played with the Florida Panthers.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Chumakov has played for the club FC Torpedo Moscow, which is managed by Valery Petrakov.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudnikov's club is FC Spartak Moscow and he also plays for the FC Kuban Krasnodar club.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudinov plays for FC Tom Tomsk, which plays in the Russian National Football League.
The generated text is : Aleksandre Guruli played for FC Karpaty Lviv and FC Dinamo Batumi.
The generated text is : Alex Plante was born in 1989 in Manitoba.
The generated text is : Alex Tyus was born on the 8th January 1988 and plays for the club Pallacanestro Cantu.
The generated text is : Alex Tyus plays for the club, Maccabi Tel Aviv B.C which is in the Turkish Basketball Super league.
The generated text is : Alex Plante was born in Brandon, Manitoba, which is led by the Conservative Party of Canada.
The generated text is : Adam McQuaid was born in Canada where the national anthem is O Canada.
The generated text is : Adam McQuaid was born in Canada where the English language is spoken.
The generated text is : Aleksandre Guruli played for FC Dinamo Batumi managed by Levan Khomeriki.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudnikov played with the Spartak Moscow FC whose playing ground is the Otkrytiye Arena.
The generated text is : Akeem Priestley’s club is RoPS which plays in the Veikkausliiga.
The generated text is : Akeem Adams played for United Petrotrin FC whose ground is Palo Seco Velodrome.
The generated text is : Guitarist Aaron Deer plays Psychedelia.
The generated text is : Aaron Deer is from Indiana in the United States.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner performs electroacoustic music and played with the band Twilight.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner sings for a living and uses the musical genre Avant-garde metal.
The generated text is : Abradab, an artist for the band Kaliber 44, is associated with Magik (rapper).
The generated text is : Abradab was born on November 12, 1978 in Katowice.
The generated text is : Abradab was born in Katowice, Poland.
The generated text is : Ace Wilder is an exponent of hip hop music, a style that originated from disco.
The generated text is : Ace Wilder has a background as a solo singer and is signed to the record label Warner Music Group.
The generated text is : Born in Paraguay, Agustin Barboza is signed to Philips Records.
The generated text is : Alan Frew is a rock musician, which includes fusion and Bhangra styles.
The generated text is : Alan Frew plays rock music, which originated from country music.
The generated text is : Jazz music originated from blues music. Albennie Jones is a jazz performer.
The generated text is : Aleksandra Kovac has been a solo singer , and a performer in the pop music genre.
The generated text is : Aleksandra Kovac plays rhythm and blues, which originated from blues music.
The generated text is : Aleksandra Kovac stared in 1990 and she performs soul music.
The generated text is : Alex Day plays Synthpop, which originated from new wave music.
The generated text is : Alfred Garth Jones was in England in 1872.
The generated text is : The musical genre of Alfredo Zitarrosa, who started out as a solo singer, is Milonga.
The generated text is : Alfredo Zitarrosa, whose background was as a solo singer, is a performer of Taquirari.
The generated text is : Alfredo Zitarrosa, was born in Uruguay and died in Montevideo.
The generated text is : Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Montevideo and died in Uruguay.
The generated text is : Alfredo Zitarrosa's genre is Zamba which is considered an art form and he started out as a solo singer.
The generated text is : Alison O'Donnell is a musician associated with the Plastik Mak and was also associated with the band Bajik.
The generated text is : Alison O'Donnell is a folk rock musician signed to Floating World Records.
The generated text is : Alison O'Donnell is a jazz musician who sings and also plays the bodhran, percussion and the autoharp.
The generated text is : Hip Hop artist Allen Forrest is a solo singer.
The generated text is : The musician Andrew White's genre is alternative rock, the genre which has the sub genre Christian alternative rock.
The generated text is : Anders Osborne is associated with Phil Lesh and Friends and he has worked with Tab Benoit.
The generated text is : Rhythm and blues artist Anders Osborne is signed with Rabadash Records.
The generated text is : Rhythm and blues artist Anders Osborne performs under the Shanachie Records label.
The generated text is : Andra began her Pop music singing career in 2000.
The generated text is : Andra sings rhythm and blues, which originated from blues.
The generated text is : Andrew Rayel, is associated with musical artist Jonathan Mendelsohn and Christian Burns.
The generated text is : Andrew Rayel is associated with both musical artist Jonathan Mendelsohn and Mark Sixma.
The generated text is : Andrew Rayel is associated with both the musician Jwaydan Moyine and Armin van Buuren.
The generated text is : The musician Andrew White's genre is alternative rock which has origins in New wave music.
The generated text is : Al Anderson of NRBQ is a country musician in which genre the banjo features.
The generated text is : Andrew White records under label Polydor Records, who are based in London.
The generated text is : (19255) 1994 VK8 has an escape velocity of 0.0925 km/s and an apoapsis of 6603633000.0 km.
The generated text is : (410777) 2009 FD has an apoapsis of 259776702.47055 kilometres and a minimum temperature of 211.0 kelvins.
The generated text is : (410777) 2009 FD, which was discovered by Spacewatch, has a periapsis of 88234300000.0.
The generated text is : (66063) 1998 RO1, with the epoch date 2013-11-04, has an escape velocity of 0.0999 km/s.
The generated text is : (66391) 199 KW4 has an epoch date of July 14th 2004 and its orbital period is 16244700.
The generated text is : The rotation period of (66391) 1999 KW4 is 9953.28 and its epoch date is July 14th 2004.
The generated text is : James Craig Watson, who died from peritonitis, discovered 101 Helena.
The generated text is : The apoapsis measurement of 1036 Ganymed is 611961000.0 (kilometres) and it travels at an average speed of 16.86 kilometres per second.
The generated text is : Walter Baade, who was born within the German empire, discovered 1036 Ganymed.
The generated text is : The German Walter Baade discovered 1036 Ganymed.
The generated text is : James Craig Watson, who died of peritonitis, was the discoverer of 103 Hera.
The generated text is : James Craig Watson, a Canadian national, disovered 103 Hera.
The generated text is : N. R. Pogson, born in Nottingham, discovered 107 Camilla.
The generated text is : The epoch date of 1089 Tama, formerly known as A919 HA; 1927WB , is 26 November 2005.
The generated text is : 1089 Tama, which has a temperature of 179.0 kelvins, has an apoapsis of 373513000.0 kilometres.
The generated text is : The epoch date of 1097 Vicia is 2006.12.31 and has a periapsis measurement of 279142000000.0.
The generated text is : 109 Felicitas, with a temperature of 170 kelvins, has an apoapsis of 523329000.0 (kilometres).
The generated text is : 109 felicitas which has a periapsis of 283326000000 and an epoch date of December 31st 2006.
The generated text is : The celestial body known as 109 Felicitas has a rotation period of 47487.6, and its epoch date is, 31 December 2006.
The generated text is : The temperature of 10 Hygiea is 164.0 kelvins and it has an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 (kilometres).
The generated text is : The asteroid 10 Hygiea, once called A900 GA, has the epoch date of 27th June 2015.
The generated text is : 110 Lydia has a mass of 6.7 kilograms and its epoch date was on December 31st 2006.
The generated text is : The epoch date of 110 Lydia is 31 December 2006 and it has an orbital period of 142603000.0.
The generated text is : The A-Rosa Luna is 125800.0 millimetres in length and classed as a cruise ship.
The generated text is : The A Rosa Luna ship is 125800.0 mms in length and was ordered on 22 January 2004.
The generated text is : The AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruise Line, which is located in Germany.
The generated text is : The AIDAluna is operated by AIDA Cruises which are located at Rostock.
The generated text is : The AIDAluna has a top speed is 40.744 and is 252000.0 mms in length.
The generated text is : The AIDAstella is 253.26m long and was launched March 16th 2013.
The generated text is : Montreal Locomotive Works is the builder of the ALCO RS-3 which has a diesel-electric transmission.
The generated text is : The ALV X-1 has 2 rocket stages and a diameter of 1.524 metres.
The generated text is : 1974 is one of the model years of the AMC Matador which was assembled in Kenosha, Wisconsin.
The generated text is : Richard A. Teague is emplyed by Chrysler and designed the AMC Matador.
The generated text is : The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) is 192000.0 millimetres long and comes from Argentina.
The generated text is : The Alfa Romeo 164, which is assembled in Milan, is a related means of transportation to Saab 9000 , in that they are both cars.
The generated text is : The Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Italy and is a similar means of transport to the Fiat Croma.
The generated text is : The Alfa Romeo 164, which was assembled in Italy, and Lancia Thema are related types of transportation.
The generated text is : Alvis Speed 25 was made by the Alvis Car and Engineering Company of Coventry.
The generated text is : The Alvis Speed 25 has a 4387.00 cc engine and an impressive transmission coined as "single plate clutch, separate 4-speed gearbox all-silent and all-syncromesh, centre change lever, open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel fully floating back axle".
The generated text is : The Alvis Speed 25 has a straight-six engine and an impressive transmission.
The generated text is : American Motors, who made the AMC Matador, was succeeded by Eagle.
The generated text is : The Antares rocket is launched from the Mid ~Atlantic Regional Spaceport and its first voyage was on January 9th 2014.
The generated text is : ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) comes from Argentina where Gabriela Michetti is the leader.
The generated text is : Ariane 5 was launched at ELA-3 and manufactured by The Airbus Defence and Space.
The generated text is : Airbus Group is the parent company of Airbus Defence & Space; where Ariane 5 was manufactured.
The generated text is : The Aston Martin V8 - assembled in the United Kingdom - and Aston Martin RHAM/1 are related means of transportation.
The generated text is : Aston Martin made the Aston Martin V8, which was succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage.
The generated text is : Aston Martin DBS is a related means of transport to the Aston Martin V8, which was succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage.
The generated text is : The Aston Martin V8 was succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage which is made by the company Aston Martin.
The generated text is : Atlas II, which is 3.04m in diameter, had its final flight on March 16th 1998.
The generated text is : The Lockheed Martin manufactured Atlas II was launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
The generated text is : Audi e-tron is a division of Audi, who make the Audi A1.
The generated text is : Audi A1 is made by Audi who also own Ducati.
The generated text is : Audi A1 is made by Audi, a subsidiary of which, is the Quattro Gmbh.
The generated text is : Douglas R Oberhelman is a person at Caterpillar Inc. where the AIDAluna is manufactured.
The generated text is : The Antares rocket is comparable with the Delta II whose launch site was at Vandenberg Air Force Base.
The generated text is : The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in Finland where Juha Sipila is a leader.
The generated text is : General Dynamics is the parent company of, the General Dynamics Electric Boat Co. which is the builder of the American submarine NR-1.
The generated text is : The A-Rosa Luna is powered by an engine made by MTU Friedrichshafen which is owned by Rolls-Royce Holdings.
The generated text is : The Aston Martin V8 is assembled in the United Kingdom, the leader of which, is Elizabeth II.
The generated text is : Purple Heart recipient Aaron S. Daggat was born in Maine and, most notably, fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg.
The generated text is : Ab Klink was born in the Netherlands, belongs to the Christian Democratic Appeal party and graduated from Erasmus University in Rotterdam.
The generated text is : Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and he succeeded Abdul Rahman Ya'kub. Stephen Yong Kuet Tze is the deputy to Abdul Rahman Ya'kub.
The generated text is : Born in the Kingdom of Sarawak, Abdul Taib Mahmud, resides in Sarawak and is a member of Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak party.
The generated text is : Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State, graduated from the Technical Institute Kaduna and worked as the Nigerian Chief of the Defence Staff.
The generated text is : Abdulsalami Abubakar, who served in the Nigerian Air Force, was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo, who was in office at the same time that Atiku Abubakar was Vice President.
The generated text is : Olusegun Obasanjo was succeeded by Abdulsalami Abubakar of the Nigerian Army and was in office during Atiku Abubaker's Vice Presidency.
The generated text is : Abel Caballero was born in Ponteareas in Galicia, Spain and worked as a Member of the Congress of Deputies.
The generated text is : Abel Caballero was born in Galicia, Spain, and is a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party.
The generated text is : Abner W. Sibal served in the United States Army and fought during WWII, when Joseph Stalin was a commander.
The generated text is : Abner W. Sibal was born in Ridgewood, Queens and a member of the Republic Party of the U.S. He was also a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District.
The generated text is : During the Gulf War George H W Bush served as a commander and Adam Holloway of the Grenadier Guards was involved in the battles.
The generated text is : Conservative Party (UK) member Adam Holloway, who studied at Magdalene College, Cambridge, was born in Faversham.
The generated text is : Adam Koc, who was born in Congress in Poland, fought in the Polish Soviet War in which Leon Trotsky was a commander.
The generated text is : The Polish-Soviet War, which was part of the Russian Civil War, was where Adam Koc fought and where Leon Trotsky was a commander.
The generated text is : Born in Athens, Greece, Adonis Georgiadis, has worked as the Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally.
The generated text is : Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens (Greece), and worked as Minister for Health.
The generated text is : Adonis Georgiadis, a member of the Greek New Democracy Party (blue is their colour), served in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister.
The generated text is : Agnes Kant's nationality is the Netherlands. He worked at the House of Representatives there. Mark Rutte is a leader in the Netherlands.
The generated text is : The nationality of Agnes Kant, a member of the Socialist party, is the Netherlands. Mark Rutte leads the Netherlands.
The generated text is : Agnes Kant was born in West Germany and was a member of the House of Representatives. He attended the Radboud University Nijmegen.
The generated text is : Airey Neave, who served in World War II had a career between 30 June 1953 and 30 March 1979.
The generated text is : Airey Neave fought in Worl War II and started his political career on March 4th 1974 which ended on March 30th 1979.
The generated text is : Born September 22nd, 1856, Albert B. White, died on the July 3rd, 1941.
The generated text is : Agnes Ward White, born in Marietta,Ohio was married to Albert B. White who was succeeded by William MO Dawson.
The generated text is : Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island and died in the US where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
The generated text is : Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island, New York City and died in the New Mexico Territory.
The generated text is : Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island in New York. He died in the U.S.
The generated text is : Buenos Aires, which is the death place of Alberto Teisaire, is governed by the Buenos Aires City Legislature and led by Horacio Rodríguez Larreta.
The generated text is : Rear Admiral, Alberto Teisaire, was born in Mendoza in Agentina, and succeeded by, Isaac Rojas.
The generated text is : Alfons Gorbach was born in the County of Tyrol, Austria and died in the city of Graz.
The generated text is : Alfred N. Phillips was born in connecticut where he worked as a Member of the U.S House of Representatives in the 4th district and he is the successor of Albert E. Austin.
The generated text is : Alfred N. Phillips, who was born in Darien, Connecticut, was a Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district and was succeeded by Albert E. Austin.
The generated text is : Allan Shivers served in the Democratic Party in the U.S. and worked as a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 (Port Arthur) before being succeeded by Wilfred R Cousins Jr.
The generated text is : Alvah Sabin, who ended his career on 3 March 1857, represented Vermont where the largest city is Burlington.
The generated text is : Born on 23rd October, 1793, Alvah Sabin, was a member of the United States Whig Party, the leader of which, was Henry Clay.
The generated text is : Born in Georgia, Vermont, Alvah Sabin, was a member of the Whig Party of the United States. Daniel Webster is the leader of the Whig Party in the United States.
The generated text is : Albert Jennings Fountain was born in the United States and fought in the American Civil War. A commander in that war was Abraham Lincoln.
The generated text is : The battle of Fredericksburg, in which Alfred Moore Scales paricipated, was part of the American Civil War military conflict during which Jefferson Davis was a commander.
The generated text is : Alfons Gorbach ws born in the County of Tyrol and later died in Austria which is led by Doris Bures.
The generated text is : Alfons Gorbach's place of birth was the state, Tyrol and place of death was in Austria, the leader of which, is Doris Bures.
The generated text is : Alfons Gorbach died in Styria, Austria where Doris Bures is a leader.
The generated text is : The Battle of Salem Church, in which Aaron S Daggett fought and in which Robert E Lee was a commander, was part of the American Civil War.
The generated text is : Ab Klink was born in Stellendam in the Netherlands, where the national currency is the euro.
The generated text is : Adam Koc is from Poland, where Polish is spoken and where Kashubians are an ethnic group.
The generated text is : 19255 1994 VK8, with a mass of 5.6kg, has an apoapsis of 6603633000.0 kilometres and an escape velocity of 0.0925 km/s.
The generated text is : The celestial body known as (410777) 2009 FD has an orbital period of 39447000 , has a periapsis of 88234300000.0 and it was discovered by Spacewatch.
The generated text is : (66063) 1998 RO1 has an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 km, a maximum temperature of 500 kelvins and a minimum temperature of -71 degrees celsius.
The generated text is : The celestial body known as (66391) 1999 KW4 has an apoapsis of 162164091.8388 km, an average speed of 37.16 kilometres per second, and a density of 2.0 grams per cubic centimetre.
The generated text is : The celestial body known as 1000 Piazzia has an orbital period of 488160. It has a periapsis of 352497000000.0 and the epoch date of, 2015-06-27.
The generated text is : The periapsis of the 1001 Gaussia (formally known as 1923 OAA907 XC) is 419113394.55312 km and it has an epoch date of the 31st July 2016.
The generated text is : 101 Helena(mass 3.0kgs) has an escape velocity of 0.0348 kilometres per second and its apoapsis is 441092000.0 (kms).
The generated text is : 1036 Ganymed was discovered by Walter Baade, a German National who studied at the University of Gottingen.
The generated text is : 103 Hera has an epoch date of August 27th 2011 and was discovered by James Craig Watson ,who died in Madison,Wisconsin.
The generated text is : James Craig Watson, who discovered 103 Hera, died in Madison, Wisconsin of peritonitis.
The generated text is : 103 Hera has an apoapsis of 437170000 km, an orbital period of 1622.213 days and an epoch date of 27 August 2011.
The generated text is : The celestial body known as 103 Hera has an escape velocity of 0.0482 k.p.s., temperature of 170.0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 437170000.0 kilometres.
The generated text is : 107 Camilla was discovered by the British NR Pogson who was born in Nottingham.
The generated text is : Formerly named "A894 VA; A 904 VD", 1089 Tama has an orbital period of 1202.846 days, and it's epoch is 2005-11-26.
The generated text is : The epoch date of 1089 Tama is 26 November 2005. It has a periapsis of 288749000000.0 and 373513000.0 km is the apoapsis.
The generated text is : The epoch date of 1097 Vicia, which had 1928 PC as its former date, is 2006.12.31. Vicia has a periapsis measurement of 279142000000.
The generated text is : 109 Felicitas has an epoch date of 31 December 2006, a mass of 7.5 kg and an orbital period of 139705000.0.
The generated text is : The epoch date of 109 Felicitas was 31 December 2006,has an orbital period of 139705000.0 and its apoapsis is 523329000.0 kilometres.
The generated text is : The 10 Hygiea has an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 km and an average speed of 16.76 km per second. 5.57 days is the orbital period for the asteroid.
The generated text is : 10 Hygiea has an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 km, a surface area of 837080.744 sq km and an average speed of 16.76 km per sec.
The generated text is : 10 Hygiea; has a surface area of 837080.744 square kilometres, an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 kilometres, and a temperature of 164.0 kelvins.
The generated text is : 110 Lydia's epoch is 31st December 2006, it has a mass of 6.7kg and a periapsis of 377016000000.0.
The generated text is : 110 Lydia; has an apoapsis of 440756000.0 kilometres, a periapsis of 377016000000.0, and its epoch is 31st December 2006.
The generated text is : An artist with the band Kids Imagine Nation, Aaron Bertram plays for the Suburban Legends band which plays pop music.
The generated text is : Aaron Deer was born in Indiana,United States and his musical genre is indie rock.
The generated text is : Aaron Deer is an American from Indiana who performs Psychedelia music.
The generated text is : Black Metal music is Aaron Turner's thing and he plays for Twilight band. Mr. Turner is also associated with Greymachine, the band.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner plays drone music and played with the bands Twilight and Greymachine.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner played with the bands Twilight and Mamiffer. His genre is Ambient music.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner plays electric guitar in the Black Metal genre. Death metal is a fusion of black metal.
The generated text is : Black Metal is a genre of Aaron Turner's music and Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal.
The generated text is : Abradab who was born on November 12th 1978 is an artist for the band Kaliber 44 and he is with rapper associated with Magri.
The generated text is : Katowice born Abradab has been with the band Kaliber 44 and associated with rapper, Magik.
The generated text is : Hip hop music, with origins in Disco and Funk, is the genre of musician, Ace Wilder.
The generated text is : Agustín Barboza was born in Asunción, Paraguay which is led by Juan Afara.
The generated text is : Al Anderson sings for the band NRBQ and their specialty is Rock music.
The generated text is : Alan Frew's genre is Rock music, which originated from country music. The music Bhangra is part of the fusion genre, partly coming from Rock music.
The generated text is : Albennie Jones plays Jazz music which originated from Blues music. A fusion of Jazz is Afrobeat music.
The generated text is : Albennie Jones, born in Errata, Mississippi, is a performer of rhythm and blues, of which disco is a derivative.
The generated text is : Aleksandra Kovač plays pop music for the K2 band. He knows musician, Bebi Dol.
The generated text is : Aleksandra Kovač, whose musical genre is Pop, is in same band with Kornelije Kovač and is associated with the musical artist Bebi Dol.
The generated text is : Aleksandra Kovač is an artist for the band K2 and has the musical genre of rhythm and blues. She is musically involved with Kristina Kovac.
The generated text is : The musical genre of Alex Day, is Synthpop, which originated from Disco and has its stylistic origins in pop music.
The generated text is : Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester,England and he passed away in Sidcup.
The generated text is : Alfred Garth Jones was born in London in the United Kingdom. He died in London.
The generated text is : Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester in the UK, and died in London.
The generated text is : Born in Manchester, Alfred Garth Jones, died in Sidcup. In Manchester The Labour Party leads.
The generated text is : Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup, London (led by Boris Johnson).
The generated text is : Alison O'Donnell played folk music of Ireland for the band Mellow Candle and the Flibbertigibbet band.
The generated text is : Alison O'Donnell plays folk music and has played with the Mellow Candle and Flibbertigibbet bands.
The generated text is : Jazz musician Alison O'Donnell is a vocalist and also plays the bodhran,percussion and autoharp. Jazz derives from Funk.
The generated text is : Jazz musician Alison O'Donnell is signed with Static Caravan Recordings. Jazz is the origin of Funk.
The generated text is : Born in Dothan, Alabama, Allen Forrest has a background as a solo singer and was a pop artist.
The generated text is : Born in Dothan (Alabama), Allen Forrest, started out as a solo singer and performs rhythm and blues music.
The generated text is : The musician Andrew White's genre is alternative rock, which has origins in New wave music and Nu metal is a music fusion genre of alternative rock.
The generated text is : Anders Osborne has collaborated with Kirk Joseph and is associated with musical artist Billy Iuso and Tab Benoit.
The generated text is : Anders Osborne, whose genre is rock music, is signed to the Rabadash Records label. A musical fusion of rock music is called bhangra music.
The generated text is : Andra, a singer of Dance-pop music, is associated with the band CRBL and the singer Puya.
The generated text is : Rhythm and blues is the genre of singer Andra, who, is associated with musician Marius Moga and Andreea Bălan.
The generated text is : Starting her career as a solo singer, Andra's genre is Rhythm and blues, a derivative of which, is Disco.
The generated text is : Andrew Rayel plays trance music and is associated with Christian Burns and musician, Jonathan Mendelsohn.
The generated text is : Trance musician Andrew Rayel is associated with musical artists Jonathan Mendelsohn and Bobina.
The generated text is : Christian Burns plays house music and is associated with Andrew Rayel. Mr. Rayel is connected with Jwaydan Moyine, musician.
The generated text is : Andrew White, member of the band Kaiser Chiefs, is also associated with artist Marry Banilow. His record label was Universal Records, which is now defunct.
The generated text is : Aaron Bertram, whose musical genre is Ska punk, plays for the Suburban Legends band. Ska punk originated from ska music.
The generated text is : Albennie Jones was born in Errata Mississippi in the USA, a country where the African Americans are an ethnic group.
The generated text is : The 1955 Dodge, with an alternative name of Dodge coronet, has a V8 engine and 3-speed transmission.
The generated text is : Ordered on January 22nd, 2004, the A-Rosa Luna, is classed as a Cruise ship and has a length of, 125.8 metres.
The generated text is : With a top speed of 24.0, the ship A Rosa Luna is 125800.00 millimetres long and weighs 1850 tonnes.
The generated text is : The operator of AIDAstella is German baased AIDA Cruises. The AIDAstella is owned by Costa Crociere.
The generated text is : The AIDAstella, 253260.0 millimetres long, was christened on March 16, 2013 and put into service the next day.
The generated text is : The American Locomotive Company built the ALCO RS-3 which has a 4-stroke engine and is 17068.8 millimeters long.
The generated text is : The ALCO RS-3, built by the American Locomotive Company, has a V12 engine and is 17068.8 millimetres.
The generated text is : The American Locomotive Company was founded in Schenectady, New York and built the ALCO RS-3 which is 17068.8 mms in length.
The generated text is : Originating in the United States and by Americans, some of African decent is the ALVX-1.
The generated text is : The United States has an ethnic group called Native Americans, the capital is Washington D.C. and the ALV X-1 hails from the US.
The generated text is : The ALV X-1, with 2 rocket stages and one launch, has a 1.524 m diameter.
The generated text is : The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe, with a straight-four engine, had its final production in 1958.
The generated text is : The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé is a two door coupé with a wheelbase of 2160 millimetres and a with of 1.55 metres.
The generated text is : The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov ship, built in Helsinki at the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard, has a 21.2 ship beam.
The generated text is : The Fiat Croma and the Alfa Romeo 164 are both cars. The latter was built in Italy where the capital is Rome.
The generated text is : The Alfa Romeo 164, which was assembled in Italy, and the Lancia Thema are related types of transportation. The capital of Italy is Rome.
The generated text is : The Alfa Romeo 164 was assembled in Arese and is a similar means of transport to the Fiat Croma and also related to the Lancia Thema.
The generated text is : The Alfa Romeo 164 was assembled in Milan and is a similar means of transport to the, Fiat Croma and the Saab 9000.
The generated text is : The ship Alhambra, launched on the 31st May 1855, has a ship beam of 8.3m and is 63800.0 millimetres long.
The generated text is : The Alhambra, with its 8.3 m ship beam, launched 5/31/1855, was wrecked.
The generated text is : The Alvis Speed 25 has a petrol engine and was manufactured by the Alvis Car and Engineering Company which was founded in Coventry.
The generated text is : AMC Matador is manufactured by American Motors where Roy D Chapin Jr is a key person and was succeeded ny Eagle.
The generated text is : The Antares rocket, manufactured at the Yuzhnoye Design Office, is comparable to the US Delta II.
The generated text is : The Antares rocket is a medium expendable launch system built at the Yuzhnoye Design Office.
The generated text is : The Ariane 5 was launched at the ELA-3 at the Guiana Space Centre. Arianespace made the Ariane 5.
The generated text is : The Aston Martin V8 is similar to the DBS and has a 5.3 litre engine. It is made in Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, UK.
The generated text is : The Aston Martin V8 is assembled in the United Kingdom and has an engine volume of 5.3 litres. The Aston Martin V8 and Aston Martin DBS are a related means of transport.
The generated text is : Coming from the US, the Atlas II was launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station and Vandenberg Air Force Base.
The generated text is : The Atlas II comes from the US where Native Americans are an ethnic group and the leader is the President.
The generated text is : Atlas II originates from the United States, and was launched from the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36.
The generated text is : The Audi A1 is a hatchback assembled by Audi Brussels and has a 1.2 litre engine.
The generated text is : The Audi A1 is manufactured by Audi. It is a similar means of transport as the Seat Ibiza and Volkswagen Polo since they are all cars.
The generated text is : AIDAluna is powered by Caterpillar Inc. which was founded in California and is located in Peoria, Illinois.
The generated text is : Caterpillar Inc. of Illinois powers the AIDA Cruise owned, AIDAluna.
The generated text is : Costa Crociere is the owner of the AIDAstella and are based in Genoa. The operator of AIDAstella is AIDA Cruises.
The generated text is : The origin of the Delta II is the United States and it was launched at the Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2. The Antares rocket is similar to the Delta II.
The generated text is : The ELA-3 is found at the Guiana Space Centre whose HQ is in French Guiana. One craft launched there was the Ariane 5.
The generated text is : The launch site of the Ariane was ELA-3 launchpad, the site of which, is situated at the Guiana Space Centre. The Guiana Space Centre is located in Kourou,French Guiana.
The generated text is : The A-Rosa was built by Neptun Werft which is headquartered in Rostock, Germany.
The generated text is : The Atlas II originated in the United States, where the inhabitants are called Americans and where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
The generated text is : Aaron Hunt plays for Vfl Wolfsburg and SV Werder Bremen. He was a member of the Goslarer SC 08 youth team.
The generated text is : Aaron Hunt's club is VfL Wolfsburg who are managed by Dieter Hecking, but he previously played for SV Werder Bremen II.
The generated text is : Abel Hernández's clubs are Hull City AFC and US Citta di Palermo. He previously played youth football for Central Espanol.
The generated text is : Abel Hernandez played youth football for Central Espanol. He has since been associated with clubs US Citta di Palermo and Penarol.
The generated text is : Netherlands born Adam Maher's former clubs include PSV Eindhoven and AZ Alkmaar.
The generated text is : Akeem Adams plays for W Connection FC , having previously played for United Petrotrin F.C., whose ground is Palo Seco.
The generated text is : Former Los Angeles Rams team member, Akeem Ayers, was number 39 in the draft pick, in draft round 2.
The generated text is : Akeem Ayers used to play for the St. Louis Rams. He was number 39 in the draft pick in draft round 2.
The generated text is : Akeem Dent, who made his debut with the Atlanta Falcons, was born in Atlanta, Georgia on 27 September 1987.
The generated text is : Alaa Abdul Zahra, born in Iraq, plays for Shabab Al-Ordon Club, and also for the Iraq national under 20 football team.
The generated text is : Alaa Abdul-Zahra's club is Shabab Al-Ordon Club and he plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC at their home ground Al Khor.
The generated text is : Footballer, Alan Martin, was born on 01/01/1989. He is a footballer for the clubs, Hamilton Academical FC and Clyde FC club.
The generated text is : Alan Martin, whose club is Motherwell FC, played for Accrington Stanley FC who have their ground in Accrington.
The generated text is : Aleksander Barkov Jr was born in Tampere, Finland on 1995-09-02 and he plays for the Florida Panthers.
The generated text is : Aleksander Barkov Jr, whose draft team was the Florida Panthers, was born on 2 September 1995 in Tampere, Finland.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Chumakov was born in the Soviet Union and he died in Russia, where the leader is Vladimir Putin.
The generated text is : Footballer Aleksandr Prudnikov , (February 24, 1989), plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar and Alania Vladikavkaz.
The generated text is : Born on February 24th 1989, the footballer Aleksandr Prudnikov represented the Russia national B team and also played for FC Tom Tomsk.
The generated text is : Aleksandre Guruli's club is Olympique Lyonnais, whose home ground is the Parc Olympique Lyonnais stadium. He also plays for AZAL PFK.
The generated text is : Aleksandre Guruli plays for US Lesquin but he use to play for the Olympique Lyonnais club who play their home games at the Parc Olympique Lyonnais.
The generated text is : Alessio Romagnoli plays in the club A.C. Milan whose manager is Siniša Mihajlović. He's alos in the Italy national under 16's football team.
The generated text is : Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.C. Milan, managed by Siniša Mihajlović and also played for UC Sampdoria.
The generated text is : Alessio Romagnoli is coached by Daniele Zoratto in the Italy national under 16 football team. He plays for A.S. Roma.
The generated text is : Italian born Alessio Romagnoli is a member of the Italian national under 17 football team and plays for the club U.C. Sampdoria.
The generated text is : Alex Plante was born in Brandon, Manitoba and is 1.9304 m high. He is in the Anyang Halla club.
The generated text is : 1.9304m tall, Alex Plante, was born in Canada and has played for the club Anyang Halla.
The generated text is : Alex Tyus plays in the Euroleague for the Maccabi Ashdod BC club whose coach is Zvi Sherf.
The generated text is : The league Alex Tyus plays in is the Turkish Basketball Super League. His club is Maccabi Ashdod BC which is coached by, Zvi Sherf.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Tom Tomsk and his club is FC Spartak Moscow, whose grounds are the Otkrytiye Arena.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudnikov's club is FC Anzhi Makhachkala and he played youth football for FC Spartak Moscow whose grounds are the Otkrytiye Arena.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Chumakov's club was FC Torpedo Moscow. The club, which is managed by Valery Petrakov, played the 2014–15 season in the Russian Premier League.
The generated text is : Abel Hernandez, who played for the Uruguay Olympic football team, plays for Hull City AFC under their manager Steve Bruce.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Chumakov was born in Moscow, Russia and he died in Russia. The leader of Moscow is Sergey Sobyanin.
The generated text is : Footballer, Abner, played for the Brazilian national under 20 football team. He also for the football club Real Madrid Castilla, the manager of which, is Luis Miguel Ramis.
The generated text is : Footballer, Abner, plays C.D. FAS. and Real Madrid Castilla, the manager of which, is Luis Miguel Ramis.
The generated text is : St Louis, part of Greater St Louis, is led by Francis G Slay and is the birthplace of Alex Tyus.
The generated text is : Akeem Ayers's former team is the New England Patriots and his debut team was the Tennessee Titans who are based in the city of Nashville, Tennessee.
The generated text is : Akeem Adams, who has represented Trinidad and Tobago at under 20 level, played for United Petrotrin FC, whose ground is Palo Seco.
The generated text is : Aaron Hunt played for SV Werder Bremen and SV Werder Bremen II. The latter is managed by Alexander Nouri and is in the league 3 Liga.
The generated text is : Abel Hernandez belongs to Abel Hernandezand club Penarol. He also plays for, Steve Bruce managed, Hull City A.F.C.
The generated text is : Abel Hernández plays for the club, U.S. Città di Palermo and played for the Central Espanol club. He was a member of youth club Peñarol which is managed by, Jorge Orosmán da Silva.
The generated text is : Abel Hernández, who was a member of youth club Peñaro, plays for the club, U.S. Città di Palermo. The club is managed by Giuseppe Iachini and play in the Serie A league.
The generated text is : Adam McQuaid was born October 12th 1986 in Prince Edward Island and now weighs 94.8024kg.
The generated text is : Adam McQuaid was originally drafted to the Columbus Blue Jackets out of Columbus, Ohio. He nows plays with the Boston Bruins whose general manager is Don Sweeney.
The generated text is : Akeem Ayers was born July 10, 1989 and debuted with the Tennessee Titans. He has played for the St. Louis Rams.
The generated text is : Akeem Dent, who used to play for Houston Texans, was born on 27 September 1987 in Atlanta, Georgia.
The generated text is : Akeem Dent was born on the 27th September 1987, in Atlanta, Georgia. He debuted with the Atlanta Falcons and his former team are the Houston Texans.
The generated text is : Alaa Abdul Zahra has played for Al Kharaitiyat SC and Al-Zawra'a SC. Al Kharaitiyat SC. are managed by Amar Osim and play their home games at Al Khor.
The generated text is : Alaa Abdul Zahra, played for the Iraq national under 23 football team, plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC, located in Al Khor, and managed by, Amar Osim.
The generated text is : Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC which is located at Al Khor and managed by Amar Osim. The Shabab Al-Ordon club is associated with Alaa Abdul-Zahra.
The generated text is : Alan Martin is a footballer who is 185.42 cm in height and was born on 1 January 1989. He plays for both Hamilton Academical FC and Crewe Alexandra FC.
The generated text is : Footballer, Alan Martin, who played for the Scotland national under-21 football team, plays for Crewe Alexandra F.C. He was born on the 1st January 1989 and is 185.42 centimetres tall.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudnikov, who is 185cm tall and was born on 24 February 1989, plays for both FC Kuban Krasnodar and FC Dynamo Moscow.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudnikov was born 1989-02-24 and is now 185.0cm tall. He played for FC Spartak Moscow and plays for FC Rubin Kazan.
The generated text is : Aleksandre Guruli, who was born in Batumi, is 178.0 centimetres tall. He is in the FC Zestafoni club and plays for FC Karpaty Lviv club.
The generated text is : Alex Plante was born in Canada, on 09/05/1989. His club is called Anyang Halla.
The generated text is : 1.9304 m tall, Alex Plante, whose club is, Anyang Halla, was born in Canada, in 1989.
The generated text is : Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada which is led by Elizabeth II, has a national anthem "O Canada" and uses the Inuktitut spoken language.
The generated text is : Aaron Boogaard is from Canada whose national anthem is O Canada and its leader being Elizabeth II. One ethnic group in Canada are Asian Canadians.
The generated text is : Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada whose national anthem is called O Canada and its leader is Elizabeth II. Slavey is spoken in Canada.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudnikov, who plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar, played for FC Terek Grozny. Rashid Rakhimov is the manager of FC Terek Grozny, the ground of which, is based at Grozny.
The generated text is : Valery Petrakov is the manager of FC Torpedo Moscow and its chairman is Aleksandr Tukmanov. Aleksandr Chumakov plays for the club which spent the 2014-15 season in the Russian Premier League.
The generated text is : Akeem Dent debuted with the Atlanta Falcons and has played with Houston, Texas based, Houston Texans.
The generated text is : In his youth, Abel Hernández played for Peñarol, which play in the Uruguayan Primera División league. Abel Hernández now plays for Hull City A.F.C. which is managed by, Steve Bruce.
The generated text is : The epoch of (19255) 1994 VK8 is on 31 December 2006. It has an orbital period of 8788850000.0, a periapsis of 6155910000000.0 and an apoapsis of 6603633000.0 km.
The generated text is : (66063) 1998 RO1 has an epoch date of 2013-11-04 and an orbital period of 360.29 days. Its escape velocity is 0.0999 km/sec and it has an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 kilometres.
The generated text is : 66063 1998 RO1 has an epoch date of 4 November 2013. It's mean temperature is 265.0 kelvins and it has an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 kilometres. 360.29 days is the orbital period of this celestial body.
The generated text is : The dark asteroid called 1000 Piazzia has an orbital period of 488160.0 and its epoch is 2015-06-27. Additionally, it has periapsis of 352497000000.0 and an escape velocity of 0.0252 kilometres per second.
The generated text is : The epoch of 1001 Gaussia (formerly known as 1923 OAA907 XC) is 31 July 2016. It was discovered by Sergey Belyavsky and has a periapsis of 419113394.55312 (kilometres).
The generated text is : German Empire born Walter Baade, who studied at the University of Gottingen, was the discoverer of 1036 Ganymed. One of his doctoral students was Allan Sandage.
The generated text is : Walter Baade, who was born in Preubisch Oldendorf, discovered 1036 Ganymed. He studied at The university of Gottingen, and his doctoral student was Halton Arp.
The generated text is : Walter Baade, who had the doctoral student Halton Arp, was the discoverer of 1036 Ganymed. He studied at the University of Gottingen and died in West Germany.
The generated text is : The discoverer of 103 Hera, James Craig Watson, alma mater was the University of Michigan. He died in Madison, Wisconsin of peritonitis.
The generated text is : Canadian James Craig Watson (who died in Madison, Wisconsin), discovered 103 Hera, which has an apoapsis of 437170000.0 kilometre).
The generated text is : 103 Hera was discovered by James Craig Watson. He was a Canadian national who died in Madison, Wisconsin of peritonitis.
The generated text is : Nottingham born, N.R. Pogson (who died in Chennai), discovered 107 Camilla, which has a periapsis of 479343000.0 kilometres.
The generated text is : N.R. Pogson was born in Nottingham and died in Chennai.He discovered the 107 Camilla asteroid on the 1st March 2001.
The generated text is : The epoch date of 1089 Tama is 26 November 2005 with its former name being "A894 VA; A904 VD". 1202.846 days is its orbital period and 288749000000.0 is its periapsis.
The generated text is : 1089 Tama has an orbital period of 1202.846 days and its epoch date was on 26 November 2005.It has an apoapsis of 373513000.0 kilometres and its escape velocity is 0.0068km/sec.
The generated text is : 1097 Vicia has a mass of 9.8 kgs, orbital period of 135589000, apoapsis of 511592000, and its epoch is the 31st of December, 2006.
The generated text is : 109 Felicitas, with an escape velocity of 0.0473 kmps, has an epoch date of 31 December 2006, an orbital period of 139705000.0 and a periapsis of 283326000000.0.
The generated text is : 10 Hygiea, formerly known as "A900 GA", has an orbit time of 5.57 days and a periapsis of 416136000000.0. It has an epoch date of June 27th 2015.
The generated text is : 1101 Clematis has an epoch date of December 31st 2006. It has an escape velocity of 0.02 kilometres per second, an orbital period of 183309000.0 and an apoapsis of 520906000.0 kilometers.
The generated text is : The epoch of 1101 Clematis is on the 31st of July 2016 and it has an orbital period of 183309000.0. Its former name is "1928 SJ" and it has a periapsis of 445895000000.
The generated text is : 1101 Clematis has an epoch date of December 31st 2006. It has an escape velocity of 0.02 kilometres per second, a periapsis of 445895000000, and an orbital period of 183309000.0.
The generated text is : The 1955 Dodge is made by the Dodge company and has a V8 engine, a 3-speed automatic transmission and a wheelbase of 120 inches.
The generated text is : The 1955 Dodge, the Chrysler Newport and the DeSoto Custom are related means of transportation. DeSoto are the manufacturers of the DeSoto Custom, the successor of which, is the DeSoto Firedome.
The generated text is : The ship AIDAstella is operated by Rostock based AIDA Cruises. It was built by Meyer Werft and is owned by Costa Crociere.
The generated text is : Costa Crociere is the owner of the AIDAstella which is 25326.0 millimetres long. It was built by Meyer Werft and operated by AIDA Cruise Line.
The generated text is : The ALCO RS-3 was produced and built by the American Locomotive Company between May 1950 and August 1956. It has a V12 engine and a diesel-electric transmission.
The generated text is : The American Locomotive Company built the ALCO RS-3 and it was produced between May 1950 and August 1956. It's length is 17068.8 millimetres and it has a V12 engine.
The generated text is : The American Locomotive Co. was founded in Schenectady, New York and is located in the US. It built the ALCO RS-3 which is 17068.8 mms in length.
The generated text is : Montreal Locomotive Works built the ALCO RS-3 between May 1950 and Aug. 1956. It has a V12 engine and Diesel-Electric transmission.
The generated text is : The ALCO RS-3 has 12 cylinders and a four-stroke engine. It was produced by the Montreal Locomotive Works between May 1950 and August 1956.
The generated text is : The AMC Matador is also known as American Motors Matador and is assembled in Mexico City. It has a station wagon style body and an AMC V8 engine.
The generated text is : The mid-size AMC Matador, or VAM Classic, has an AMC straight-6 engine and is assembled in Kenosha, Wisconsin.
The generated text is : The mid-size Acura TLX car was assembled in Marysville Ohio with a front-wheel/all-wheel drive and a Honda K engine.
The generated text is : Acura TLX is a luxury class of vehicle with a V6 front engine design. It is made at the Marysville Auto Plant.
The generated text is : The in service icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built at the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard. in Finland. It has a ship beam of 21.2 m.
The generated text is : The icebreaker ship Aleksey Chirikov was built in Helsinki, Finland. Juha Sipila is the leader of Finland and the people of Finland who are known as Finns.
The generated text is : The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built at the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard in Helsinki. The Aleksey Chirikov (icebreaker) is in service and its ship beam is 21.2.
The generated text is : The Alfa Romeo 164, which is assembled in Italy and similar to the Saab 9000 and the Lancia Thema, has a straight-four engine.
The generated text is : The Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Italy, has a V6 engine. It is a related mode of transportation with the Saab 9000 and the Fiat Croma.
The generated text is : The Alhambra is 63800.0 millimetres long and its ship beam is 8.3m. It was launched on 1855-05-31and had wrecked.
The generated text is : The Alvis Car and Engineering Company was founded in Coventry and was succeeded by the Rover Company. The Alvis Speed 25 has a petrol engine and was manufactured by the Alvis Car and Engineering Company.
The generated text is : The Alvis Speed 25 has a straight-six engine and was manufactured by the Alvis Car and Engineering Company that was founded in Coventry and succeeded by the Rover Company.
The generated text is : American motors was acquired by Chrysler. It was succeed by Eagle, and manufactures AMC Matador.
The generated text is : The American submarine NR-1 was built by General Dynamics Electric Boat and launched on 25 January 1969. It has a beam of 3.8 metres and a top speed of 8.334.
The generated text is : The American submarine NR-1 was launched on The 25th of January 1969. It has a top speed of 8.334 km/h, a ship beam of 3.8 m., and is 45000.0 (millimetres) long.
The generated text is : The Antares rocket, made by Yuzhnoye Design Office, had its initial flight April 21, 2013 and final flight on 10/28/2014. It was launched at Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0.
The generated text is : The Antares rocket is manufactured at the Yuzhnoye Design Office and launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. The maiden flight took place on 21 April 2013 and the final flight on 18 September 2013.
The generated text is : Aston Martin V8 was assembled in the UK,whose capital is London.It was succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage.
The generated text is : The Aston Martin V8 is related to the Aston Martin DBS and the Aston Martin RHAM/1. The Aston Martin V8 has a 5.3 litre engine and is assembled in the United Kingdom.
The generated text is : The Aston Martin Virage, which has a 5.3 litre engine is made by Aston Martin and succeeded the Aston Martin V8. It is a related means of transport to the Aston Martin DBS.
The generated text is : Atlas II was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base and the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. It is 2.04 m in diameter and made its final flight on 5 December 2002.
The generated text is : Classed as a supermini, the Audi A1 (assembled at Audi Brussels), has a 1.2 litre front-engine with front-wheel-drive.
The generated text is : Audi, owned by Ducati, was founded by August Horch and includes Audi e-tron. It makes the Audi A1.
The generated text is : Caterpillar Inc. was founded in California and located in Illinois.AIDA Cruises is the owner of the AIDAluna which is powered by Caterpillar Inc.
The generated text is : Costa Crociere, located in Genoa, is the owner of AIDAstella which was built by Meyer Werft is operated by AIDAstella cruises.
The generated text is : The Delta II is from the United States and was launched at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. It is comparable to the rocket Antares which launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0.
The generated text is : The launch site of the Delta II was at the Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2, based at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. The Antares rocket is comparable to Delta 11 which originated in the US>.
The generated text is : The Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Italy and has a sedan body style. It is a related means of transportation to the Fiat Croma and Opel Vectra.
The generated text is : The Alfa Romeo 164, Fiat Croma and Opel Vectra are related forms of transportation. The body style of the Alfa Romeo 164 is Sedan and it's assembly line is in Milan.
The generated text is : The American Submarine NR-1 has a ship beam of 3.8 m and was built by General Dynamics Electric Boat. General Dynamics is the parent company of the General Dynamics Electric Boat Co which is located in the city of Groton, Connecticut.
The generated text is : Stanislaw Tillich is a leader of Germany where Rostock is located. The city is the location of Neptun Werft who built the A-Rosa Luna.
The generated text is : Atlas II originates from the United States which uses the English language. The country's capital is Washington DC and counts African Americans among its ethnic groups.
The generated text is : The Atlas II is from the United States, where one of the ethnic groups is African Americans. Washington D.C. is the capital of the United States and the inhabitants are called Americans.
The generated text is : Aaron Bertram performs ska punk music and is an artist with the band Kids Imagine Nation and also the Suburban Legends band where Brian Robertson is the trombonist.
The generated text is : Psychedelia solo singer Aaron Deer is from Indianapolis, Indiana.
The generated text is : Electroacoustic singer Aaron Turner is associated with the bands Sumac and Isis.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner started performing post-metal music in 1995. He played with Twilight and Old Man Gloom bands.
The generated text is : Black metal musician Aaron Turner is a member of Sumac and plays Electric guitar. Death metal is a black metal fusion.
The generated text is : Ace Wilder was born July 23, 1982 in Stockholm and is a solo singer.
The generated text is : Ace Wilder, born in Sweden on July 23, 1982 is a solo singer.
The generated text is : Songwriter and solo singer Ace Wilder was born in Stockholm in 1982.
The generated text is : The songwriter Ace Wilder was born in Sweden in 1982. He has a background as a solo singer.
The generated text is : Rhythm and blues performer Ahmet Ertegun was born in Washington D.C. He is considered non-performing personnel.
The generated text is : African Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S., the country Ahmet Ertegun was from. He played rock and roll music which stylistic origins come from Blues.
The generated text is : Albennie Jones, performed in the rhythm and blues genre and ended his career in 1950. Rhythm and blues originated from blues music and has disco as a derivative.
The generated text is : African Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States, the country where Albennie Jones was born. Musician, Albennie Jones is a performer of Jazz, the genre which originated its style from Blues music.
The generated text is : Singer and pop musician Aleksandra Kovac was born 1972, in Belgrade.
The generated text is : Rhythm and blues singer Aleksandra Kovac was born 1972 in the Socialist Republic of Serbia.
The generated text is : Alex Day plays acoustic music with the Chameleon Circuit band. He started actively in music in 2006 and is associated with Charlie McDonnell.
The generated text is : Alex Day, who is associated with performer Charlie McDonnell, plays with the band Chameleon Circuit. He became active in 2006 and his speciality is electronic music.
The generated text is : Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, England in 1872 and died in London.
The generated text is : Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay where the natives are known as Uruguayans. The city's leader is Daniel Martinez.
The generated text is : Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Uruguay and has a background as a solo singer. His musical genre is Candombe and his record label is RCA Records.
The generated text is : Alison O'Donnell's career began 1963 and she performs folk music. She was a member of the Flibbertigibbet band and she is associated with Bajik.
The generated text is : Folk musician Alison O'Donnell began in 1963 and is associated withHead South By Weaving and Mellow Candle.
The generated text is : London Jazz musician Alison O'Donnell records with the Floating World Records label. She is signed to Deram Records.
The generated text is : Alison O'Donnell, who performs jazz, once was signed to Deram Records and another time to Fruits de Mer Records. London is the home to Deram Records.
The generated text is : Allen Forrest was born in Fort Campbell. in1981. He is an acoustic solo singer.
The generated text is : Solo hip hop performer Allen Forrest was born in Fort Campbell, Kentucky in 1981 and raised in Dothan, Alabama.
The generated text is : Alternative rock musician Andrew White is associated with Marry Banilow. Alternative rock originates from punk rock and is fused into Nu metal.
The generated text is : Rock musician Anders Osborne has worked with the band Galactic and also with the musical artists Tab Benoit and Billy Iuso.
The generated text is : Anders Osborne was signed to the Shanachie Records label. Anders Osborne was signed to Chicago based,record label,Alligator Records which is associated with the Blues.
The generated text is : Solo singer Andra was born in Romania and her genre is Dance-pop music.
The generated text is : The singer Andra's genre is Rhythm and blue which originated from the blues. Both Funk and Disco are derivatives of rhythm and blues.
The generated text is : Andrew Rayel, who began his musical career in 2009, plays trance music. He has worked with Christian Burns and the musical artist Jonathan Mendelsohn.
The generated text is : Trance musician Andrew Rayel is associated with artists Christian Burns and Jwaydan Moyine. Trance comes from house music.
The generated text is : Andrew White started his musical career in 2003 and his genre is alternative rock. He is a member of the band Kaiser Chiefs and he is associated with the musical artist Marry Banilow.
The generated text is : Kaiser Chiefs band member, Andrew White, started his musical career in 2003. Andrew White, who is associated with the musical artist Marry Banilow, used to be with the record label Universal records which is now a defunct label.
The generated text is : Agustin Barboza died in Asuncion, part of Gran Asunción, in Paraguay, the country led by Juan Afara.
The generated text is : Al Anderson is a member of the NRBQ band and his musical genre is country music, in which banjo is an instrument. He also played once with The Wildweeds.
The generated text is : Allen Forrest performs hip hop music which comes from disco and funk. Drums and bass get their sounds from hip hop music.
The generated text is : Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, Greater Manchester, England. The Labour Party is in the majority in Manchester.
The generated text is : Post-metal cellist, Aaron Turner, played with both Twilight and House of Low Culture.
The generated text is : Electric guitarist Aaron Turner was a member of black metal band Twilight. Death metal is a black metal fusion.
The generated text is : Rhythm and blues artist Albennie Jones was born in the U.S., home to African Americans. R & B has its roots in blues.
The generated text is : Aaron S Daggett was born in Maine and died in West Roxbury. He fought in the American Civil War and was awarded the Purple Heart.
The generated text is : Born in Maine, Aaron S. Daggett; fought in the Battle of the Wilderness, was awarded the Purple Heart, and died in West Roxbury.
The generated text is : Ab Klink was born in Netherlands and worked for his country's Ministry of Health, Welfare and Sport office. He attended Erasmus University in Rotterdam which is affiliated with the Association of MBAs.
The generated text is : Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri, Malaysia and he lives in Kuching. His party is the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and he represented Asajaya.
The generated text is : Abdul Taib Mahmud's birthplace was Kingdom of Sarawak and he resides in Sarawak. His party is the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and he represented Asajaya.
The generated text is : Adenan Satem was born in Japanese Occupied British Borneo. His successor was Abdul Taib Mahmud, who, resides in Sarawak and is a member of the "Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak" party.
The generated text is : Abdul Taib Mahmud(who lives in Sarawak)'s successor was Adenan Satem who was born in Japanese Occupation of British Borneo. Abdul Taib Mahmud's party is the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu.
The generated text is : Abdulsalami Abubakar served in the Nigerian Army and was in office whilst Mike Akhigbe was Vice President. Oladipo Diya was the predecessor of Mike Akhigbe and his successor was Atiku Abubakar.
The generated text is : Oladipo Diya was Mike Akhigbe's predecessor, Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office whilst Mike Akhigbe was Vice President. Abdulsalami Abubakar, was a member of the Nigerian Air Force, and his succcessor was Al-Amin Daggash.
The generated text is : Abel Caballero, born in Galicia, Spain, held office during the monarchy of Juan Carlos I of Spain (preceeded by Francisco Franco) and Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez' leadership.
The generated text is : Abel Caballero was born in Galicia in Spain and he was the Minister of Transport. He is now a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party.
The generated text is : Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S. which is where Abraham A Ribicoff is from. He was born in New Britain, Connecticut and his wife is Casey Ribicoff.
The generated text is : Adam Holloway was born in Kent and began his career on May 5th 2005. He fought in the Gulf War and his alma mater is Magdalene College, Cambridge.
The generated text is : Adam Koc is a national of Poland where the language used is Polish. He was involved in battles of the Polish-Soviet war during which Joseph Stalin was a commander.
The generated text is : Adam Koc, who died in New York City, fought in the Polish-Soviet War, in which Joseph Stalin was a commander. This war formed part of the Russian Civil War.
The generated text is : Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece. He was Vice-president of new democracy and was succeeded by Makis Voridis.
The generated text is : Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece and worked for the Ministry of Economy, Development and Tourism in Greece. He was succeeded by Makis Voridis.
The generated text is : Makis Voridis was the successor of Adonis Georgiadis, who, was born in Athens, Greece, and was a member of the Hellenic Parliament.
The generated text is : Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands where the currency is the euro. Emile Roemer is a member and leader of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands.
The generated text is : Agnes Kant, a Netherlands National, worked at the House of Representatives in Netherlands. She is a member of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands, the leader of which is, Mark Rutte.
The generated text is : Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands, the leader of which, is Mark Rutte. In the Netherlands, Emile Roemer is leader and member of the Netherlands Socialist Party.
The generated text is : Agnes Kant has Netherland nationality and is a member of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands which uses the colour "red" and is led by Emile Roemer.
The generated text is : Knightsbridge, London is the birthplace of Airey Neave and he was involved in the Battle of France. He started his career on 30th June 1953 and ended it on 30th March 1979.
The generated text is : Airey Neave, born in Knightsbridge, London, was involved in the Battle of France; he began his career on March 4th 1974, and ended his career on 30th March 1979.
The generated text is : Airey Neave served in the Royal Artillery Unit, which has a garrison in Hohne, during World War Two. One of the commanders in that war was Chiang Kai-shek.
The generated text is : Albert B. White was born in Cleveland and he died in Parkersburg, West Virginia. His successor was William M. O. Dawson who was born in Bloomington, Maryland.
The generated text is : Born in Cleveland, Albert B. White started his career on March 4, 1901 and finished it on March 4th 1905.
The generated text is : Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York, where one of the languages spoken is French, He fought in the American Civil War, a conflict in which Abraham Lincoln was a commander.
The generated text is : Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York City and died in Dona Ana County, New Mexico. He had fought in the American Civil War, during which, Jefferson Davis was a commander.
The generated text is : Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island, New York. He died in the New Mexico Territory in the U.S.
The generated text is : Alberto Teisaire, a member of the Justicialist Party was in office while Juan Peron was president. Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires, where Horacio Rodriguez Larreta is the leader.
The generated text is : Isaac Rojas was the successor to Alberto Teisaire, who was born in Mendoza, Argentina. Alberto Teisaire was a Rear Admiral by profession and worked as a Provisional President of the Argentine Senate.
The generated text is : Alfred Moore Scales, a member of the U.S. Democratic Party, was born in Reidsville, North Carolina. He Governor of North Carolina and was succeeded by Daniel Gould Fowle.
The generated text is : Connecticut born Alfred N Phillips, who served in the US Army, fought in the battle called Whiskey Rebellion. He was later a Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district.
The generated text is : Connecticut born Alfred N Phillips, a Democrate, worked as Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district and was succeded by Albert E. Austin.
The generated text is : Darien, Connecticut is the birthplace of Alfred N. Phillips, who was Mayor of Stamford, Connecticut. Alfred N. Phillips, was a member of the Democratic Party in the United States and was succeeded Alfred N. Phillips.
The generated text is : Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin, Texas and served in the Democratic Party in the U.S. He worked as the Governor of Texas and was succeeded by, Price Daniel.
The generated text is : Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin, Texas and is a member of the Democratic Party in the United States. He served as the Governor of Texas and was succeeded by Wilfred R. Cousins Jr.
The generated text is : Alvah Sabin worked in Vermont where he was secretary of the state and represented the 3rd Congressional District. The largest city in the state of Vermont is Burlington.
The generated text is : The largest city in Vermont is Burlington and Alvah Sabin represented Vermont because he belongs to the Whig Party (United States). Daniel Webster was a leader of the Whig Party in the United States.
The generated text is : One of the commanders during the American Civil War was Robert E Lee. The conflict included the Battle of Gettysburg in which Aaron S Daggett took part and was awarded the Purple Heart.
The generated text is : Alberto Teisaire, is a national of Argentina, where Spanish is spoken. Alberto Teisaire, was in office while Juan Perón was president. Juan Perón was a member of the Labour Party in Argentina.
The generated text is : Juan Peron was a member of the Argentian Labour Party and during his Presidency Alberto Teisaire, who was born in Mendoza in Argentina, was in office. Isaac Rojas eventually succeeded Teisaire.
The generated text is : AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft, owned by Costa Crociere, the parent company of which is, Carnival Corporation & plc. AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruises which is located in Germany.
The generated text is : AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft and is operated by AIDA Cruise Line. The AIDAstella has a beam of 32.2 m, is 253260.0 millimetres in length and has a beam of 32.2 m.
The generated text is : The ALCO RS-3, built by the American Locomotive Company, was produced Between May 1950 and August 1956. It has 12 cylinders, a four-stroke engine and is 17068.8 millimetres.
The generated text is : The ALCO RS-3, produced between May 1950 and August 1956 by the American Locomotive Company, has 12 cylinders and a V12 engine and it's length is 17068.8 millimetres.
The generated text is : The inhabitants of the United States, from where ALV X-1 hails, are called Americans. The Star Spangled Banner is the national anthem of the united States, Washington D.C. is its capital city and Native Americans one of its ethnic groups .
The generated text is : The AMC Matador (also known as the American Motors Matador) is assembled in Thames, New Zealand. Classified as a mid-size car, it features a wagon style body and an AMC V8 engine.
The generated text is : P&O company is located in London and owns the Alhambra which was built by, the Samuda Brothers. The Alhambra has an 8.3m ship beam and is powered by a Humphrys, Tennant and Dykes engine.
The generated text is : AMC Matador is manufactured by American Motors, a key person of the company is Roy D Chapin Jr. The Wheel Horse is a subsidiary of American Motors which was succeeded by Eagle and acquired by Chrysler.
The generated text is : The American Submarine NR-1 has a ship beam of 3.8 m, a ship draft of 4.6m, is 45000.0 (millimetres) long and has a top speed of 8.334 km/h. It was launched on The 25th of January 1969.
The generated text is : The Minotaur IV rocket was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0, the same launch site that the Antares rocket was launched from. The rocket Antares is comparable to Delta II which is from the United States.
The generated text is : Yuzhnoye Design Office created the Antares rocket whose initial flight took place July 13, 2014 at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. The rocket is 3.9 m in diameter and took its last trip on Oct. 28, 2014.
The generated text is : The Antares rocket is 3.9 metres in diametre and is manufactured by the Yuzhnoye Design Office. Its launch site was the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. The Antares rocket made its first flight on October 28th, 2014 and its final flight on September 18th, 2013.
The generated text is : The Ariane 5 had its first voyage August 11, 2005 and its last flight on December 18, 2009. It was manufactured by Airbus Defence and Space and launched from the Guiana Space Centre. Its diameter is 5.4 metres.
The generated text is : The Ariane 5 was launched at the ELA-3, which is located at the Guiana Space Centre, which has its own HQ in French Guiana. The ELA-3 is operated by Arianespace, which is located in Courcouronnes.
The generated text is : The Aston Martin V8, manufactured by Aston Martin, is related to the Aston Martin DBS and was succeeded by the Aston Martin Vantage. Its engine volume is 5.3 litres. and it is assembled at Newport Pagnell.
The generated text is : The Aston Martin V8, related to the Aston Martin DBS and the Aston Martin RHAM/1 , is a Coupe with an engine volume of 5.3 litres. It is assembled in Newport Pagnell.
The generated text is : The Aston Martin V8, assembled in the United Kingdom (leader:Elizabeth II), was succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage which was manufactured by Aston Martin. The V8 and the Virage are relative means of transport with the Aston MArtin DBS.
The generated text is : Audi A1 hatchback is a supermini vehicle made in Brussels, Belgium. It contains a 1.2 l front engine with a front wheel drive layout.
The generated text is : Audi A1 is made by Audi, the company which was founded by August Horch. Audi e-tron is a division of Audi which has Lamborghini and Ducati as subsidiaries.
The generated text is : Caterpillar Inc. founded in California in the U.S. is now in Peoria, Ill. That company powered the AIDAluna craft and is owned by AIDA Cruises.
The generated text is : AIDA Cruises, located at Rostock, is owned by AIDAluna. AIDAluna is powered by Caterpillar Inc., which was founded in the U.S. and is led by Douglas R. Oberhelman.
The generated text is : AIDAluna, owned by AIDA Cruises, is powered by Caterpillar Inc., where Douglas R. Oberhelman is a key person. Caterpillar Inc. was founded in the United States and is in Peoria, Illinois.
The generated text is : Carnival Corporation & plc is the parent company of Costa Crociere in Genoa, who own the AIDAstella. AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft and is operated by AIDA Cruises.
The generated text is : Finland's Arctech Helsinki Shipyard built the icebreaker, Aleksey Chirikov. Juha Sipila leads Finland, where the people are known as Finns and Sami languages are spoken.
The generated text is : The A Rosa Luna was built on the Neptun Werft, located in Rostock, Germany. Germany (whose capital city is Berlin) is led by Joachim Gauck.
The generated text is : Neptun Werft of Rostock, Germany made the A-Rosa Luna. Berlin is the capital of Germany and Andreas Voßkuhle is a leader there.
The generated text is : The Atlas II is from the United States, whose capital is Washington, D.C. Inhabitants of the United States are called Americans, and english is a spoken language there. An ethnic group called Native Americans is also located in the United States.
The generated text is : Penarol, where Abel Hernandez played youth football, is managed by Jorge Orosmán da Silva. Hernandez later played for Uruguayan Segunda División side Central Español and then moved to U.S. Città di Palermo.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Chumakov, who died in Russia, belonged to FC Torpedo Moscow and the Soviet Union national football team. FC Torpedo is managed by FC Torpedo, a Russian leader.
The generated text is : Aleksandre Guruli's club is Olympique Lyonnais who are chaired by Jean-Michel Aulas and have their home ground at the Parc Olympique Lyonnais stadium. He also plays for FC Karpaty Lviv who are managed by Oleh Luzhny.
The generated text is : The defender, Alessio Romagnoli is a member of the Serie A league club A.C. Milan who are managed by Sinisa Mihajlovic. He is also connected to UC Sampdoria.
The generated text is : Alessio Romagnoli belongs to A.C. Milan and plays for U.C. Sampdoria and Italy's national under-17 football tea,. A C Milan is managed by Siniša Mihajlović and includes chairman Silvio Berlusconi.
The generated text is : Abel Hernández played youth football for Central Español part of the Uruguayan Segunda División league. Mr. Hernandez plays for the US Citta di Palermo and the Uruguay National football team. Giuseppe Iachini manages the U.S. Città di Palermo team.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudnikov's club is FC Spartak Moscow who have Sergey Rodionov as their chairman and play at the Otkrytiye arena. He also plays for FC Amkar Perm who are managed by Gadzhi Gadzhiyev.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudnikov has played for the clubs FC Terek Grozny (based in Grozny), where the manager was Rashid Rakhimov and FC Spartak Moscow, whose chairman is Sergey Rodionov.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudnikov played for FC Spartak Moscow's youth team and later for FC Dynamo Moscow. He has also been signed to Grozy based FC Terek Grozny, who are managed by Rashid Rakhimov.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Chumakov, born in the soviet Union, belongs to the Soviet Union national football team and plays for FC Torpedo Moscow, which plays in the Russian Premier League's 2014-15 season and is managed by Valery Petrakov.
The generated text is : Akeem Adams' former clubs include United Petrotrin FC, who play at Palo Seco, and Ferencvarosi TC, where Thomas Doll is the manager and Gabor Kubatov is the chairman.
The generated text is : Akeem Adams' club is Ferencvarosi TC who are managed by Thomas Doll and chaired by Gabor Kubatov. He has previously played for United Petrotrin FC who are based at the Palo Seco Velodrome.
The generated text is : 19255 1994 VK8 has a mass of 5.6kg,an orbital period of 8788850000.0 and its epoch date was on 31 December 2006.It has a periapsis of 6155910000000.0 and its apoapsis is 6603633000.0 kilometres.
The generated text is : James Craig Watson, who discovered 101 Helena on 15th August 1868, is a Canadian national who attended the University of Michigan. He died in Madison, Wisconsin.
The generated text is : James Craig Watson, who discovered 101 Helena, originated from Canada and studied at the University of Michigan. He died in Madison, Wisconsin from peritonitis.
The generated text is : German Walter Baade discovered 1036 Ganymed. Baade died in Gottingen, was a graduate of the University of Gottingen and Allan Sandage was among his doctoral students.
The generated text is : Halton Arp and Allan Sandage were doctoral students of Walter Baade, the discoverer of 1036 Ganymed. Baade was born in the German Empire and graduated from the University of Gottingen.
The generated text is : Walter Baade, who had a doctoral student named Allan Sandage, was the discoverer of 1036 Ganymed. He was a German national born in the German Empire and graduated from the University of Gottingen.
The generated text is : Canadian James Craig Watson discovered 103 Hera on September 7th, 1868. His alma mater was the University of Michigan and Watson died in Madison, Wisconsin.
The generated text is : James Craig Watson, a Canadian who went to the University of Michigan, found 103 Hera. 103 Hera has a periapsis measurement of 371240000.0 (kilometres). Mr. Watson died in Madison, Wisconsin.
The generated text is : 107 Camilla has an orbital period of 2368.05 days,its epoch date was on December 31st 2006 and was discovered byy B. Zellner.The periapsis of 107 Camilla is 479343000.0 (kilometres) and its apoapsis is 560937000.0 km.
The generated text is : 107 Camilla, which has the epoch 31 December 2006 and an orbital period of 2368.05 days, was discovered by C Woods. The periapsis measurement is 479343000.0 kms and the apoapsis 560937000.0 km.
The generated text is : 107 Camilla, which has the epoch date 31 December 2006, was discovered by F Vilas and has an orbital period of 2368.05 days. The apoapsis and periapsis measurements are 560937000.0 kilometres and 479343000.0 kilometres respectively.
The generated text is : N. R. Pogson was an Englishman,born in Nottingham and died in Chennai.He discovered 107 Camilla which has an absolute magnitude of 7.08.
The generated text is : The epoch of 1089 Tama(whose former name was ( A919 HA; 1927 WB) is 2005-11-26. The escape velocity of 1089 Tama is 0.0068 km/sec, has an orbital period of 1202.846 days and an apoapsis of 373513000.0 (kilometres).
The generated text is : 1101 Clematis has a mass of 5.7 kilograms,an orbital period of 183309000.0 and its epoch date was on 31st July 2016.It has an escape velocity of 0.02 km/sec and its apoapsis is 520906000.0 kilometres.
The generated text is : 11264 Claudiomaccone has an epoch date of November 26th 2005, an orbital period of 1513.722 days. a periapsis of 296521000.0 km, an apoapsis of 475426000.0 km, and a temperature of 173.0 kelvins.
The generated text is : Abdul Taib Mahmud was born on 21 May 1936 in Miri, Malaysia, and lives in Kuching. His party was the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and he represented the Asajaya region.
The generated text is : The birth place of Abdul Taid Mahmud was the Kingdom of Sarawak and his residence was Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching, Sarawak. He was a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and was succeeded by Adenan Satem who had attended the University of Adelaide.
The generated text is : Abdulsalami Abubakar who ended his career on May 29th, 1999, served in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President. Akhigbe served in the Nigerian Navy and succeeded Oladipo Diya as V.P. before Atiku Abubakar took over from Akhigbe.
The generated text is : Abdulsalami Abubakar served in the Nigerian Army and was in office whilst Mike Akhigbe (the successor to Oladipo Diya) was Vice President. His career ended on 29 May 1999 and he was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo.
The generated text is : Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in Connecticut, United States,where he became governor. He was a member of the Democratic party in the United States. He died in the United States.
The generated text is : Abraham A Ribicoff was a US national born in Connecticut and dying in New York City. He was a member of the Democratic Party in the U.S.A. and worked as the United States Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare.
The generated text is : Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S., the country Abraham A. Ribicoff was a national of. Abraham A. Ribicoff; was born in Connecticut, married to Casey Ribicoff, and died in New York.
The generated text is : Adam Holloway was born in Kent and attended Magdalene College in Cambridge. He began his career on 5 May 2005 and served in the Grenadier Guards and became a member of parliament for Gravesham.
The generated text is : Adam Holloway, who was born in Faversham, Kent, England, is a member of the Conservative Party in the UK. He studied at Magdalene College Cambridge before joining the Grenadier Guards and later starting his political career on 5th May 2005.
The generated text is : Adonis Georgiadis (who was succeeded by Makis Voridis), was born in Athens, Greece and was in office under Antonis Samaras, Prime Minister. Antonis Samaras was in office while Konstantinos Mitsotakis was Prime Minister.
The generated text is : Emile Roemer is a member and leader of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands. The country is led by Mark Rutte and Agnes Kant, a national of the country, worked at the House of Representatives.
The generated text is : Agnes Kant was born in the Netherlands and lives in Doesburg. She worked at the house of representatives in the Netherlands, where Mark Rutte is the leader. Khadija Arib is the leader of the House of Representatives.
The generated text is : Agnes Kant, whose nationality is Netherlands, resided in Doesburg. The leader of the Netherlands is Mark Rutte, and the leader of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands is Emile Roemer.
The generated text is : Albert B White was born on 22 September 1856 and died on 3 July 1941 in Parkersburg, West Virginia.
The generated text is : Albert B. White was born in Cleveland, was married to Agnes Ward White and died in Parkersburg, West Virginia. White was succeeded in office by William M.O. Dawson who was born in Bloomington, Maryland.
The generated text is : Cleveland born Albert B White, who was married to Agnes Ward White, served as the Governor of West Virginia and finished his career on March 4th 1905. He was succeeded by William M O Dawson.
The generated text is : Albert B White was born in Cleveland and had a career from 4 March 1901 to 4 March 1905. He was a member of the Republican Party in the United States and his successor was William M O Dawson.
The generated text is : Alberto Teisaire was in office while Labour Party member Juan Peron, who was married to Eva Peron, was President of Argentina. Teisaire died in Buenos Aires where Horacio Rodríguez Larreta was the leader.
The generated text is : Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza in Agentina, on 1891-05-20. A Rear Admiral by profession, Alberto Teisaire, worked as the Provisional President of the Argentine Senate. Isaac Rojas was the successor to Alberto Teisaire.
The generated text is : Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria, in the state, Tyrol. Alfons Gorbach was a member of the Austrian People's Party and died in Graz, in Styria.
The generated text is : A member of the Austrian People's Party, Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, in the state of Tyrol and died in Graz, in Styria.
The generated text is : Vermont native Alvah Sabin represented the State's 3rd Congressional District and he died in Sycamore, Illinois after ending his career on March 3rd, 1857. Vermont's largest city is Burlington.
The generated text is : Alvah Sabin was from Vermont, where the largest city is Burlington. Georgia Vermont is the birthplace of Alvah Sabin, who represented Vermont's 3rd Congressional District and died in Sycamore, Illinois.
The generated text is : American Alfred Moore Scales fought at the Battle of Gettysburg during the American Civil War. Jefferson Davis was one of the war's commanders and one of several ethnic groups in the U.S. are the Native Americans.
The generated text is : American Civil War, Siege of Petersburg involved U.S. born Alfred Moore Scales. The American Civil War was commanded by Jefferson Davis. An ethnic group of the United States includes Native Americans.
The generated text is : Alberto Teisaire is a national of Argentina where the Spanish language is spoken. He was in office during the Presidency of Labour party member Juan Peron, who was married to Eva Peron.
The generated text is : Aaron Bertram is a ska punk musician, a genre that originated from punk rock. He is an artist with Kids Imagine Nation and also plays for Suburban Legends Band. Brian Robertson plays the trombone for Suburban Legends.
The generated text is : American Aaron Deer is an Indie rock musician from Indiana. He has a background as a solo singer and was part of the band Wee Giant.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner, whose origin is the United States, started performing in 1995. Aaron Turner; performs black metal music, played for Old Man Gloom and is a musician in the Lotus Eaters band.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner was born in Massachusetts and started performing in 1995. He formerly played with the band Twilight and is now in the Lotus Eaters. He is is closely associated with the sludge metal genre.
The generated text is : Abradab was born in Katowice, Poland on Novembe 12, 1978. He played with Kaliber 44 and is associated with the rapper Magik.
The generated text is : Ace Wilder has a musical background as a solo singer was born on July 23rd, 1982, in Sweden.
The generated text is : Ace Wilder, a solo singer and songwriter, was born on July 23, 1982 in Stockholm.
The generated text is : Ace Wilder's musical genre is Hip hop. Hip Hop music has its origins in Funk and Disco, and Drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music, which has a subgénre Gangsta rap.
The generated text is : Drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music which originated from Funk and Disco. Ace Wilder, who was born in Sweden, plays the musical genre of hip hop.
The generated text is : Al Anderson (of the rock music band NRBQ) played once with The Wildweeds, was born in Windsor, Connecticut, and became active in 1966.
The generated text is : Al Anderson plays the guitar for the rock band NRBQ. Rock music originated from country music and is an element of the fusion genre Bhangra.
The generated text is : Alan Frew, who is from Newmarket, Ontario, (Canada, was born in Coatbridge. He is a musician and solo singer.
The generated text is : Aleksandra Kovac is a solo pop music singer who was born in 1972 in the Socialist Republic of Serbia. Disco music is a fusion genre of pop music.
The generated text is : Rhythm and blues singer Aleksandra Kovač became musically active in 1990. She is in same band as Kornelije Kovač, part of the K2 (Kovač sisters duo) and also has a solo career.
The generated text is : Alfred Garth Jones was born in 1872 in Manchester, England in the U.K. He died in London.
The generated text is : Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester and died in Sidcup, London. Boris Johnson is a leader in London, who's leader is the European Parliament.
The generated text is : Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester and died in Sidcup, London. The leader of London is the European Parliament, and the leader of Manchester is The Labour Party (UK).
The generated text is : Alison O'Donnell, a member of the Flibbertigibbet band and the Mellow Candle band, played folk music of Ireland becoming active in her career in 1963. Alison signed to Floating World Records.
The generated text is : Alison O'Donnell plays jazz music, where Funk is a derivative and has sign for Stanyan Records label as well as Deram records based in London.
The generated text is : Afrobeat is a fusion genre of Jazz. Funk is a derivative of Jazz which has its stylistic origins in folk music. Alison O'Donnell performs jazz music and can play the autoharp.
The generated text is : Alison O'Donnell is a singer who plays the bodhran, percussion and autoharp and also performs jazz music. Funk is derived from Jazz and Afrobeat music is a fusion of Jazz music. Blues music influenced Jazz music.
The generated text is : Allen Forrest was a solo acoustic singer and was born in the year 1981, in Dothan (Fort Campbell), Alabama.
The generated text is : Anders Osborne is a rock musician who career began in 1989; he is associated with the musical artist Billy Iuso, the band Galactic, and with Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars.
The generated text is : Anders Osborne musical career began in 1989. His career began in the blue's genre. He has been associated with the band, Galactic as well as Tab Benoit. Osborne also has ties to fellow musician Billy Iuso.
The generated text is : Andra was born in Campia, Turzii in 1986. She is a Dance-pop music singer and makes a living as a singer and reality television judge.
The generated text is : Solo singer, Andra, was born in 1986, in Romania. Andra is a rhythm and blues singer whose occupation is singing.
The generated text is : Andrew Rayel has performed the genre of Trance music which has its stylistic origins in pop music. He Andrew Rayel has been associated with the following musical artists: Bobina, Armin Van Buuren, Bobina, Mark Sixma, Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano, Alexandre Bergheau, Jonny Rose, Sylvia Tosun, Lira Yin and Alexandra Badoi.
The generated text is : Andrew Rayel, who was born in Chisinau, Moldova, started his career in 2009 and his musical genre is trance music. He is associated with Christian Burns and Armin van Buuren.
The generated text is : Andrew Rayel was born in Chisinau, Moldova and began as a musician performing Trance Music in 2009. He is associated with musicians, Jwaydan Moyine and Bobina.
The generated text is : Trance music performer Andrew Rayel was a string instrumentalist. He's associated with Christian Burns and Jwaydan Moyine, who in turn knows John Digweed.
The generated text is : The musician Andrew White is part of the Kaiser Chiefs and is signed to the record label B-Unique Records and Polydor Records. He started his musical career in 2003 and was associated with Marry Banilow.
The generated text is : Drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music which has its origins in both Funk and Disco. Hip hop music is the musical genre of Allen Forrest, who was born in Fort Campbell.
The generated text is : 1981 born Allen Forrest's genre, is Hip Hop music, which originated from funk and disco and drum and bass is a derivative of Hip hop music.
The generated text is : The Labour Party is in the majority in Manchester, the birthplace of Alfred Garth Jones. Alfred Garth Jones died in. Sidcup, in London which is led by the Parliament of the United Kingdom.
The generated text is : Agustin Barboza was born in Asuncion, in Paraguay. The country which has an ethnic group called the Mestizo. it is also the country where Spanish is spoken and which is led by Juan Afara.
The generated text is : Andrew White is an alternative rock musician signed to the record label B-Unique Records and Polydor Records in London. Nu metal is a music fusion genre of alternative rock.
The generated text is : The musician Andrew White's record label used to be Universal records which is now a defunct label. His record label is Polydor Records which is located in London. Andrew White's genre is alternative rock , the music fusion genre of which, is Nu metal.
The generated text is : Al Anderson plays the guitar in the rock music band NRBQ. Rock music originated from country music, which originated from blues music; The music Bhangra is part of the fusion genre, partly coming from Rock music.
The generated text is : Al Anderson plays with the rock band NRBQ. Rock has its origiins in the blues and country music, where the banjo is played, and Bhangra is a rock fusion.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner is an electric guitar player who has played with the black metal band Twilight and with Old Man Gloom. Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal.
