The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Aaron S. Daggett was awarded the Purple Heart.
The generated text is : Aaron S. Daggett fought in the Battle of Mine Run.
The generated text is : Ab Klink was born in Stellendam, Netherlands.
The generated text is : Abdul Rahman Ya'kub was in office whilst Tuanku Bujang Tuanku Othman was Vice President.
The generated text is : Abdul Taib Mahmud is a member of the Parti Bumiputera Sarawak Party.
The generated text is : Abdul Taib Mahmud was succeded by Sulaiman Abdul Rahman Taib.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Minna was the birthplace of Abdulsalami Abubakar.
The generated text is : Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Abner W. Sibal died in Alexandria, Virginia.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Adam Holloway resided in Gravesend.
The generated text is : Adenan Satem's alma mater is the University of Adelaide.
The generated text is : Adolf Schärf was born in Mikulov.
The generated text is : Adonis Georgiadis was in office under Antonis Samaras, Prime Minister.
The generated text is : Adonis Georgiadis was the Deputy Minister for Development, Competitiveness and Shipping.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Agnes Ward White was born in Marietta, Ohio.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge, London.
The generated text is : Airey Neave was a Lieutenant Colonel.
The generated text is : Airey Neave started serving in military in 1935.
The generated text is : Albert B. White is a member of the Republican Party in the United States.
The generated text is : Albert B. White is married to Agnes Ward White.
The generated text is : Albert Jennings Fountain was a member of the Union Army.
The generated text is : Alberto Teisaire is Argentinian.
The generated text is : Alberto Teisaire was Rear Admiral in the Argentine Navy.
The generated text is : Alfons Gorbach died in Austria.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Alfred Moore Scales fought in the Battle of Chancellorsville.
The generated text is : Alfred N. Phillips place of birth was Darien Connecticut.
The generated text is : Alfred N. Phillips was the Mayor of Stamford Connecticut.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Allan Shivers was succeeded by Price Daniel.
The generated text is : Alvah Sabin started active service on 1853-03-04.
The generated text is : Alvah Sabin belongs to the Whig Party (United States).
The generated text is : Robert E. Lee was a commander in the American Civil War.
The generated text is : The language in Austria is Austrian German.
The generated text is : Robert E. Lee was a commander in the Battle of Antietam.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : The leader of Buenos Aires is called Gabriela Michetti.
The generated text is : Colin Powell was the commander in the Gulf War.
The generated text is : Dwight D. Eisenhower preceded John F. Kennedy as President.
The generated text is : Josef Klaus alma mater is the University of Vienna.
The generated text is : The predecessor of Juan Carlos I f Spain was Francisco Franco.
The generated text is : Juan Peron belongs to the Labour Party in Argentina.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Bloomington, Maryland was the birthplace of William M O Dawson.
The generated text is : The 1955 Dodge is also named the Dodge Coronet.
The generated text is : The size of the engine in the 1955 Dodge is 230 cubic inches.
The generated text is : The A-Rosa Luna was "christened" on the 7th April 2005.
The generated text is : AIDA Cruises are located at Rostock.
The generated text is : The AIDAluna is operated by AIDA Cruises.
The generated text is : The AIDAstella was christened in March 16 2013.
The generated text is : The AIDAstella was completed on the 11th March 2013.
The generated text is : The ship AIDAstella had her maiden voyage on March 17th 2013.
The generated text is : The operator of AIDAstella is AIDA Cruises.
The generated text is : The launch site of the ALV X-1 was the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport.
The generated text is : AMC Matador is also known as American Motors Matador.
The generated text is : The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) was sold to the Netherlands on 01/04/1948.
The generated text is : The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe has the straight four engine.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : The Acura TLX has a 9-speed ZF 9HP automatic (V6) transmission.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : The related transport to the Alfa Romeo 164 is the Lancia Thema.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : The Samuda Brothers built the Alhambra.
The generated text is : The Alhambra has a ship beam of 8.3m.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : The Alhambra has a top speed of 18.52.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : The Alvis Speed 25 was first manufactured in 1937.
The generated text is : The American submarine NR-1 has a ship draft of 4.6 metres.
The generated text is : The final flight of the Antares rocket was on 2014-10-28.
The generated text is : The launch site of the Antares rocket was the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : The Ariane 5 was launched from the Guiana Space Centre.
The generated text is : Ariane 5 had its maiden flight on August 11th 2005.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : The Aston Martin made the Aston Martin V8.
The generated text is : Aston Martin are the manufacturers of the Aston Martin Virage.
The generated text is : The final flight of Atlas II was on 1998-03-16.
The generated text is : The Atlas II was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base.
The generated text is : August Horch founded Audi.
The generated text is : The Audi A1 is assembled at Audi Brussels.
The generated text is : The Audi A1 and the Seat Ibiza are similar means of transport.
The generated text is : Caterpillar Inc. is in Peoria, Illinois.
The generated text is : Costa Crociere is in Genoa.
The generated text is : DeSoto Custom is a related means of transport to Chrysler Newport.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Germans is the demonym for people who live in Germany.
The generated text is : The leader of Germany is Norbert Lammert.
The generated text is : Stanislaw Tillich is a leader of Germany.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : The Guiana Space Centre's headquarters are located in Kourou, French Guiana.
The generated text is : Honda are the makers of the Honda K engine.
The generated text is : The anthem of the United States is the Star Spangled Banner.
The generated text is : The United States has an ethnic group called Native Americans.
The generated text is : Silvio Berlusconi is the chiarman of A.C. Milan.
The generated text is : Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada.
The generated text is : Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen.
The generated text is : Abel Hernandez played for the Uruguay Olympic football team.
The generated text is : Abel Hernandez plays for the Uruguay national football team.
The generated text is : Abner (a footballer) was born in Brazil.
The generated text is : Diemen is the birth place of Adam Maher.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Adam Maher plays for the Netherlands National club for players under 17.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Ahmad Kadhim Assad represented the Iraq national football team.
The generated text is : Akeem Adams' birthplace is Point Fortin.
The generated text is : Akeem Dent used to play for the Atlanta Falcons.
The generated text is : Akeem Priestley plays for the Connecticut Huskies.
The generated text is : Al-Khor Sports Club play in the Qatar Stars League.
The generated text is : Basim Qasim manages Al-Zawra'a SC.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Baghdad is the birth place of Alaa Abdul-Zahra.
The generated text is : Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for Sanat Mes Kerman FC.
The generated text is : Alan Martin is a footballer for the Hamilton Academical FC.
The generated text is : Alan Martin played football for the Scotland national under 19 team.
The generated text is : Aleksander Barkov Jr. was born on the 2nd September 1995.
The generated text is : Aleksander Barkov, Jr's club is the Florida Panthers.
The generated text is : Aleksander Barkov, Jr's height is 1.905 metres.
The generated text is : Aleksander Barkov Jr. plays in the National Hockey League.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 24th February 1989.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for the FC Amkar Perm football club.
The generated text is : Aleksandre Guruli's birth place is Batumi.
The generated text is : Aleksandre Guruli's club is FC Samtredia.
The generated text is : Aleksandre Guruli once played for the Georgia national under-21 football team.
The generated text is : Alessio Romagnoli is a member of A.S. Roma.
The generated text is : Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.S. Roma's youth team.
The generated text is : Alex Plante's birthplace is Manitoba.
The generated text is : Alex Tyus plays in the Turkish Basketball Super League.
The generated text is : Atlanta Falcons play in the city of Atlanta.
The generated text is : Don Sweeney is general manager of the Boston Bruins.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : English language is spoken in Canada.
The generated text is : Canada's language is the Slavey language.
The generated text is : The Columbus Blue Jackets are based in the city of Columbus, Ohio.
The generated text is : The manager of FC Karpaty Lviv is Oleh Luzhny.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Gabor Kubatov is the chairman of Ferencvarosi TC.
The generated text is : The Finnish language is spoken in Finland.
The generated text is : Daniele Zoratto is coach of the Italy national under 16 football team.
The generated text is : The coach of Maccabi Ashdod B.C. is Zvi Sherf.
The generated text is : Motherwell F.C. play their home games at Fir Park.
The generated text is : Jean-Michel Aulas is the owner of the Olympique Lyonnais.
The generated text is : American Football team, St. Louis Rams, are based in the city of St. Louis.
The generated text is : The Tennessee Titans are based in the city of Nashville, Tennessee.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Aaron Deer plays with The Horns of Happiness.
The generated text is : Aaron Deer is signed to the record label Kill Rock Stars.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner performs avant-garde metal music.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner performs progressive metal music.
The generated text is : Abradab's background is that of solo singer.
The generated text is : The birth date of Abradab is 12th November 1978.
The generated text is : Abradab was born in Poland.
The generated text is : Abradab performs hip hop music.
The generated text is : The genre Guarania, is the musical genre that Agustin Barboza is involved in.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Alan Frews' musical genre is rock music.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : A solo singer is part of Aleksandra Kovač's background,.
The generated text is : The birth place of Aleksandra Kovac is Yugoslavia.
The generated text is : Aleksandra Kovac's genre is rhythm and blues.
The generated text is : Aleksandra Kovač performs soul music.
The generated text is : Alex Day performs Synthpop music.
The generated text is : Alfredo Zitarrosa is associated with Hector Numa Moraes.
The generated text is : The birth place of Alfredo Zitarrosa is Montevideo.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Alfredo Zitarrosa's record label is RCA Records.
The generated text is : 1963 was the beginning of Alison O'Donnell's active years.
The generated text is : Alison O'Donnell performs jazz music.
The generated text is : Alison O'Donnell is a musician who uses her voice,bodhran,percussion and autoharp.
The generated text is : Allen Forrest's birth date is 04th February 1981.
The generated text is : Allen Forrest was a pop artist.
The generated text is : Alligator records is based in Chicago.
The generated text is : Anders Osborne and Johnny Sansone are associates.
The generated text is : Rhythm and blues is the musical genre of Anders Osborne.
The generated text is : Anders Osborne is signed to the record label Alligator Records.
The generated text is : Andra performs rhythm and blues music.
The generated text is : Andrew Rayel started his career in 2009.
The generated text is : The musicians Andrew Rayel and Christian Burns are associates.
The generated text is : Andrew Rayel was born in Chisinau, Moldova.
The generated text is : Andrew White is associated with the musical artist Marry Banilow.
The generated text is : The musician Andrew White is signed to the record label B-Unique Records.
The generated text is : Asunción is part of Gran Asunción.
The generated text is : Christian Burns plays guitar.
The generated text is : Gangsta rap is a sub genre of Hip Hop music.
The generated text is : Hip Hop music has its origins in Funk.
The generated text is : Indie Rock has its origins in New wave music.
The generated text is : Manchester is a part of Greater Manchester.
The generated text is : Polydor Records is located in London.
The generated text is : RCA Records distribute through Sony Music Entertainment.
The generated text is : Rock and Roll has its stylistic origin in the Blues.
The generated text is : Synthpop's stylistic origins come from pop music.
The generated text is : The native people of the United Kingdom are known as the British people.
The generated text is : The celestial body known as (19255) 1994 VK8 has a density of 2 grams per cubic centimetres.
The generated text is : Carl A Wirtanen discovered (29075) 1950 DA.
The generated text is : The absolute magnitude of (410777) 2009 FD is 22.1.
The generated text is : The apoapsis of (410777) 2009 FD is 259776702.47055 kilometers.
The generated text is : The apoapsis for (66063) 1998 RO1 is 254989570.60815 kilometres.
The generated text is : (66063) 1998 RO1 has an epoch date of 2013-11-04.
The generated text is : The escape velocity of 1000 Piazzia is 0.0252 km/sec.
The generated text is : The former name of 1001 Gaussia is "1923 OAA907 XC".
The generated text is : The celestial body known as 1001 Gaussia has a maximum temperature of 165 kelvins.
The generated text is : 101 Helena has an apoapsis of 441092000.0 kilometres.
The generated text is : 101 Helena has an epoch of 2006-12-31.
The generated text is : 101 Helena has a mass of 3.0 kilograms.
The generated text is : 1036 Ganymed travels at an average speed of 16.86 kilometres per second.
The generated text is : The celestial body known as 103 Hera has an absolute magnitude of 7.66.
The generated text is : 103 Hera has a mass of 7.9 kilograms.
The generated text is : The absolute magnitude of 107 Camilla is 7.08.
The generated text is : A Storrs discovered 107 Camilla.
The generated text is : 1089 Tama was formerly called "A894 VA; A904 VD;".
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : The celestial body known as 1097 Vicia has an average speed of 17.92 k.p.s.
The generated text is : The epoch date of 1097 Vicia is 2006.12.31.
The generated text is : 1097 Vicia has a rotation period of 95040.0.
The generated text is : 109 Felicitas was discovered by Christian Heinrich Friedrich Peters.
The generated text is : The periapsis of 109 Felicitas is 283326000000.0.
The generated text is : 10 Hygiea has an average speed of 16.76 kilometres per second.
The generated text is : 1101 Clematis has a periapsis of 445895000000.0.
The generated text is : 31 December 2006 is the epoch of 110 Lydia.
The generated text is : 11264 Claudiomaccone has a temperature of 173.0 kelvins.
The generated text is : James Craig Watson's Alma mater is the University of Michigan.
The generated text is : N. R. Pogson was born in Nottingham.
The generated text is : Aaron S Daggett, fought in battles, most notably the Battle of Fredericksburg, he was awarded the Purple Heart.
The generated text is : Aaron S. Daggett fought in the Battle of Gettysburg and was awarded the Purple Heart.
The generated text is : Abdul Rahman Ya'kub, who succeeded Abdul Taib Mahmud, has a deputy named Stephen Yong Kuet Tze.
The generated text is : Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and his party is the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu.
The generated text is : Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Minna and he attended the Technical Institute Kaduna.
The generated text is : Abdulsalami Abubakar, who was born in Niger State, was the Chief of the Defence Staff in Nigeria.
The generated text is : Abdulsalami Abubakar was the Chief of the Defence Staff in Nigeria and he was succeeded by Al-Amin Daggash.
The generated text is : Abdulsalami Abubakar ended his career on 1999-05-29 and was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo.
The generated text is : Abdulsalami Abubakar, who was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo. was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President.
The generated text is : Abner W. Sibal fought in World War II and the commander of Russian during that war was Joseph Stalin.
The generated text is : Abner W. Sibal served in the United States Army, which fought in the Korean War.
The generated text is : Adam Holloway was born in Kent and attended Magdalene College in Cambridge.
The generated text is : Adam Holloway was born in Kent and lives in Gravesend.
The generated text is : Adam Koc fought in WWI and he was awarded the Virtuti Militari award.
The generated text is : Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens and worked as the Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman for the Popular Orthodox Rally.
The generated text is : Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, in Greece.
The generated text is : Greek born Adonis Georgiadis he has worked as the Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally.
The generated text is : Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendorf and was employed as a Parliamentary group leader.
The generated text is : Airey Neave received the Military Cross and served in the Royal Artillery.
The generated text is : Airey Neave, began his career on March 4th 1974, and fought in the Battle of France.
The generated text is : Airey Neave fought in the Battle of France, the battle where Hugo Sperrle was the commander.
The generated text is : Born in Kinightsbridge, Airey Neave fought in World War II.
The generated text is : Franklin D Roosevelt was a commander in World War II , in which Airey Neave fought.
The generated text is : Joseph Stalin was a commander in World War II, the war Airey Neave was involved in.
The generated text is : Albert B White was born 1856-09-22 and died in 1941.
The generated text is : Albert B White, born on 22nd September 1856, profession was politician.
The generated text is : Born in New York City, Albert Jennings Fountain, died in Dona Ana County, New Mexico.
The generated text is : Albert Jennings Fountain, who died in the New Mexico territory, was in office whilst Edmund J. Davis was Vice President.
The generated text is : Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York and is a member of the Republican Party.
The generated text is : Alberto Teisaire worked as a Provisional President of the Argentine Senate and was succeeded by Isaac Rojas.
The generated text is : Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria and Austria- Hungary.
The generated text is : Alfons Gorbach was born in Tyrol state in Austria.
The generated text is : Alfred Moore Scales, was Governor of North Carolina, and was succeeded by the politician James W Reid.
The generated text is : Daniel Gould Fowle, attended Princeton University, and suceeded Alfred Moore Scales.
The generated text is : Alfred N. Phillips was born in Connecticut and worked at the United States House of Representatives.
The generated text is : Alfred N. Phillip was a member of the US Army that fought in the American Civil War.
The generated text is : Allan Shivers fought in World War II where Joseph Stalin was also a commander.
The generated text is : Allan Shivers who worked as a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 (Port Arthur), was born in Lufkin, Texas.
The generated text is : Allan Shivers worked as a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 (Port Arthur) he was succeed by Ben Ramsey.
The generated text is : Alvah Sabin was born October 23, 1793. He worked as secretary of Vermont.
The generated text is : Agnes Kant is a resident of Netherlands which uses the Euro as its currency..
The generated text is : Agnes Kant is from the Netherlands, the leader of which, is Mark Rutte.
The generated text is : Albert B White died at Parkersburg, West Virginia, in the United States.
The generated text is : Aaron Boogaard was born in Saskatchewan and plays for Wichita Thunder.
The generated text is : Abel Hernandez has played for the club Peñarol which is managed by Jorge Orosmán da Silva.
The generated text is : Abel Hernandez's club is US Citta di Palermo and Penarol.
The generated text is : AZ Alkmaar player Adam Maher represented the Netherlands national side at Under 17 level.
The generated text is : Adam Maher played for PSV Eindhoven and represented the Netherlands under 17 football team.
The generated text is : Ahmad Kadhim Assad played for both Steel Azin F.C. and Al Shorta SC.
The generated text is : Akeem Adams club is Ferencvarosi TC, where the manager is Thomas Doll.
The generated text is : Akeem Adams, who plays for the Trinidad and Tobago national football team formerly played for the T&TEC Sports Club.
The generated text is : Akeem Ayers draft pick is 39 ad his former team is the New England Patriots.
The generated text is : Akeem Ayers used to play for Tennessee Titans and he was number 39 in the draft pick.
The generated text is : Akeem Dent date of birth is the 27th September 1987.
The generated text is : Akeem Priestley plays for the Connecticut Huskies, having previously played for Sheikh Russel KC.
The generated text is : Akeem Priestley plays for Sheikh Russel KC and formerly for RoPS.
The generated text is : Alaa Abdul -Zahra has played for Al-Khor Sports Club, located in Al-Khor.
The generated text is : Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC managed by Amar Osim.
The generated text is : Alan Martin plays football for Hamilton Academical F.C and Leeds United F.C.
The generated text is : Hamilton Academical FC's ground is New Douglas Park and is the club of Alan Martin.
The generated text is : Aleksander Barkov Jr. was born on the 2nd September 1995 and plays for the Florida Panthers.
The generated text is : Aleksander Barkov Jr was born in Tampere Finland and plays for the Florida Panthers.
The generated text is : FC Torpedo Moscow, managed by Valery Petrakov, is a former club of Aleksandr Chumakov.
The generated text is : Former clubs of Aleksandr Prudnikov include FC Spartak Moscow and FC Kuban Krasnodar.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Tom Tomsk which plays in the Russian Football National league.
The generated text is : Aleksandre Guruli's club is FC Karpaty Lviv and he also played for FC Dinamo Batumi.
The generated text is : Alex Plante was born in Manitoba in 1989.
The generated text is : Born on January 8th 1988, Alex Tyus plays for the club Pallacanestro Cantu.
The generated text is : Alex Tyus has played in the Turkish Basketball Super League and has also represented the club Maccabi Tel Aviv BC.
The generated text is : The Conservative Party of Canada is the leader of Brandon, Manitoba, where Alex Plante was born.
The generated text is : Adam McQuaid came from Canada whose anthem is O Canada.
The generated text is : The English language is spoken in Canada which is the birthplace of Adam McQuaid.
The generated text is : Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Dinamo Batumi managed by Levan Khomeriki.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow at the Otkrytiye Arena.
The generated text is : Akeem Priestley plays for the club RoPS in the Veikkausliiga league.
The generated text is : Akeem Adams played for United Petrotrin FC, who were playing in Palo Seco Velodrome.
The generated text is : Aaron Deer plays the guitar and performs Psychedelia music.
The generated text is : Aaron Deer is from the United States, specifically Indiana.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner performs electroacoustic music and he played with the band Twilight.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner is an avant-garde metal music singer.
The generated text is : Abradab played with the band Kaliber 44 and is associated with the rapper Magik.
The generated text is : Abradab was born in Katowice on 12th November 1978.
The generated text is : The birth place of Abradab is Poland, in Katowice.
The generated text is : The musical genre of Ace Wilder is hip hop music which has its origins in Disco.
The generated text is : Ace Wilder is a solo singer who uses the record label Warner Music group.
The generated text is : Paraguay born Agustin Barboza is signed to Philips Records.
The generated text is : Alan Frew's genre is Rock music of which bhangra is a fusion of rock.
The generated text is : Alan Frews' musical genre is rock music, which originated from country music.
The generated text is : Albennie Jones plays Jazz, which originated from Blues music.
The generated text is : With a background in solo singing, Aleksandra Kovač, belongs to the musical genre of Pop.
The generated text is : Aleksandra Kovac is an exponent of Rhythm and blues, the music that originated from the blues.
The generated text is : Aleksandra Kovač began her musical career in 1990, she performs soul music.
The generated text is : Alex Day performs Synthpop music which has its stylistic origin in new wave music.
The generated text is : Alfred Garth Jones was born in England in 1872.
The generated text is : Solo singer Alfredo Zitarrosa is a Milonga stylist.
The generated text is : Alfredo Zitarrosa started out as a solo singer and is an exponent of Taquirari.
The generated text is : Born in Uruguay, Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Alfredo Zitarrosa has a background as a solo singer and performs Zamba music.
The generated text is : Alison O'Donnell was with the bands Bajik and Plastik Mak.
The generated text is : Alison O'Donnell's musical genre is folk rock and her recording label is Floating World Records.
The generated text is : Alison O'Donnell performs jazz music, she plays the bodhran, perscussion, and autoharp in addition to singing.
The generated text is : Allen Forrest is a solo singer whose genre is Hip Hop music.
The generated text is : The musician Andrew White's genre is alternative rock which has the subgenre of Christian alternative rock.
The generated text is : Anders Osborne is associated with Phil Lesh and Friends as well as Tab Benoit.
The generated text is : Anders Osborne genre is Rhythm and blues and his record label is Rabadash Records.
The generated text is : Anders Osborne performs rhythm and blues music and is signed to Shanachie Records.
The generated text is : Andra is a pop singer who started in 2000.
The generated text is : Andra performs rhythm and blues music, a style that originated from blues.
The generated text is : Andrew Rayel is associated with Christian Burns and the musical artist Jonathan Mendelsohn.
The generated text is : Andrew Rayel has worked musically with Jonathan Mendelsohn and Mark Sixma.
The generated text is : Andrew Rayel is associated with the musician Jwaydan Moyine and the musical artist Armin van Buuren.
The generated text is : New wave music is the origin of Alternative rock, which is the genre of Andrew White.
The generated text is : Al Anderson of NRBQ performs country music which is a genre of music which uses the banjo.
The generated text is : Andrew White is a musician signed to the record label Polydor Records which is located in London.
The generated text is : (19255) 1994 VK8 has an apoapsis of 6603633000.0 km and an escape velocity of 0.0925 km per sec.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : The escape velocity of (66063) 1998 R01 is 0.0999 km/sec and its epoch is on the 13th of January 2016.
The generated text is : (66391) 1999 KW4 has an orbital period of 16244700.0 and an epoch date of 2004-07.14.
The generated text is : The epoch date for 66391 1999 KW4 is 2004-07.14 and it has a rotation period of 9953.28.
The generated text is : James craig watson who discovered 101 Helena died of peritonitis.
The generated text is : The apoapsis measurement of the celestial boy known as 1036 Ganymed is 611961000.0 (kilometres) and it has an average speed of 16.86 km per sec.
The generated text is : Walter Baade, who was born in the German Empire, discovered 1036 Ganymed.
The generated text is : 1036 Ganymed was discovered by Walter Baade, a German national.
The generated text is : 103 Hera was discovered by James Craig Watson, who later died from peritonitis.
The generated text is : 103 Hera was discovered by the Canadian James Craig Watson.
The generated text is : Born in Nottingham, N.R. Pogson, discovered 107 Camilla.
The generated text is : 1089 Tama, with the epoch date of November 26th 2005, was formerly called "A919 HA; 1927 WB;".
The generated text is : The temperature of 1089 Tama is 179.0 (kelvins) and its apoapsis is 373513000.0 (kilometres).
The generated text is : 1097 Vicia has a periapsis of 279142000000 and an epoch date of 31st December 2006.
The generated text is : The temperature of the asteroid called 109 Felicitas is 170.0 kelvins and it has an apoapsis of 523329000.0 km.
The generated text is : The epoch date of 109 Felicitas is the 31st December 2006, and it has a periapsis of 283326000000.0.
The generated text is : The celestial body known as 109 Felicitas has a rotation period of 47487.6 and an epoch date of December 31st 2006.
The generated text is : 10 Hygiea has an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 (kilometres) and a temperature of 164 kelvins.
The generated text is : 10 Hygiea has an epoch date of June 27th 2015 and was formerly named A900GA.
The generated text is : 110 Lydia, with a mass of 6.7 kilograms, has the epoch date 31st December 2006.
The generated text is : The celestial body known as 110 Lydia has an orbital period of 142603000 and an epoch date of 31 December 2006.
The generated text is : The A-Rosa Luna which is 125.8 metres long, is classed as a Cruise ship.
The generated text is : The A-Rosa Luna ship which is 125800.0 millimetres in length, was ordered on January 22nd 2004.
The generated text is : AIDA Cruises is located in Germany and is operated by AIDAstella.
The generated text is : AIDA Cruises, located in Rostock, are the operator of the ship AIDAluna.
The generated text is : The AIDAluna has a top speed of 40.744 and it 252 metres long.
The generated text is : The AIDAstella was christened on the 16th of March, 2013 and is 253260.0 millimetres long.
The generated text is : The Diesel-electric transmission ALCO RS-3 was built by the Montreal Locomotive Works.
The generated text is : The ALV X-1 rocket has 2 stages and a diameter of 1.524 metres.
The generated text is : The AMC Matador is available in a 1974 model and was assembled in Kenosha, Wisconsin.
The generated text is : Richard A. Teague is the Chrysler employee who designed the AMC Matador.
The generated text is : The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) which is derived from Argentina has a length of 192000 millimetres.
The generated text is : The Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Milan, is a similar means of transport to the Saab 9000.
The generated text is : The Alfa Romeo 164 was assembled in Italy and is a similar means of transport to the, Fiat Croma.
The generated text is : Alfa Romeo 164 is a related transport to Lancia Thema and is assembled in Italy.
The generated text is : The Alvis Speed 25 was made by Coventry based Alvis Car and Engineering Company.
The generated text is : The Alvis Speed 25 has an engine of 4387 cubic centimeters and a transmission system comprising a single plate clutch, separate 4-speed gearbox all-silent and all-syncromesh, centre change lever, open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints and spiral bevel fully floating back axle.
The generated text is : Alvis Speed 25 has a straight-six engine and has a transmission system comprising a single plate clutch, separate 4-speed gearbox all-silent and all-syncromesh, centre change lever, open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints and spiral bevel fully floating back axle.
The generated text is : The AMC Matador is made by American Motors who were succeeded by Eagle.
The generated text is : The Antares rocket had its maiden flight on January 9th 2014 and was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport.
The generated text is : The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) comes from Argentina which is led by Gabriela Michetti.
The generated text is : The Ariane 5 which was launched at the ELA-3, was manufactured by Airbus Defence and Space.
The generated text is : The Airbus Group is the parent company of Airbus Defence and Space who manufactured the Ariane 5.
The generated text is : Aston Martin V8 was made in the UK. The Aston Martin V8 is connected to the Aston Martin RHAM/1.
The generated text is : The Aston Martin V8 was manufactured by Aston Martin and was succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage.
The generated text is : The Aston Martin V8 (which was succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage) and the Aston Martin DBS are a related means of transport.
The generated text is : Aston Martin Virage succeeded the Aston Martin V8 and is manufactured by Aston Martin.
The generated text is : The final flight of Atlas II, which has a diameter of 3.04m, was on 16 March 1998.
The generated text is : The Atlas II, manufactured by Lockheed Martin, was launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
The generated text is : Audi which is the manufacturer of the Audi A1 has a division called the Audi e-tron.
The generated text is : The Audi A1 is made by Audi who also own Ducati.
The generated text is : The Quattro Gmbh is a subsidiary of the Audi who manufacture the Audi A1.
The generated text is : The power type of the AIDAluna is an engine manufactured by Caterpillar Inc where Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person.
The generated text is : The rocket Antares is comparable to the Delta II which was launched from the Vandenberg Air Force base.
The generated text is : The icebreaker, the Aleksey Chirikov, is built by Finland, where the leader is Juha Sipila.
The generated text is : General Dynamics is the parent company of the General Dynamics Electric Boat Co which built the American submarine NR-1.
The generated text is : The A-Rosa Luna is powered by the Rolls-Royce Holdings owned, MTU Friedrichshafen, made engines.
The generated text is : Aston Martin V8 was assembled in the United Kingdom which is ruled by Queen Elizabeth II.
The generated text is : Born in Maine, Purple Heart recipient, Aaron S Daggett has fought in battles, the most notable being the Battle of Fredericksburg.
The generated text is : Born in the Netherlands, Ab Klink attended Erasmus University Rotterdam and belongs to the Christian Democratic Appeal party.
The generated text is : Abdul Taib Mahmud's birthplace was Kingdom of Sarawak and he was succeeded by Abdul Rahman Ya'Kub whose deputy was Stephen Yong Kuet Tze.
The generated text is : Abdul Taib Mahmud was born and lives in the Kingdom of Sarawak and is a member of the "Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak" party.
The generated text is : Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State, graduated from the Technical Institute in Kaduna and became the Chief of the Defence Staff in Nigeria.
The generated text is : Nigerian Air Force member Abdulsalami Akubar was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo who was in office whilst Atiku Akubakar was Vice President.
The generated text is : Olusegun Obasanjo, who was in office while Atiku Abubakar was Vice President, succeeded Nigerian Army man Abdulsalami Abubakar.
The generated text is : Abel Caballero, born in Ponteareas, Galicia, Spain, worked as a Member of the Congress of Deputies.
The generated text is : Abel Caballero was born in Galicia in Spain and is a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party.
The generated text is : Abner W. Sibal served in the United States Army and fought in WWII. Joseph Stalin was a commander in that war.
The generated text is : Born in Ridgewood, Queens, Abner W. Sibal, was a member of both the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District, and the Republican party of the United States.
The generated text is : During the Gulf war George H W Bush was a commander and Adam Holloway was involved in the battles whilst serving in the Grenadier guards.
The generated text is : Magdalene College Cambridge, was the alma mater of Adam Holloway, who was born in Faversham, and is a member of the Tories.
The generated text is : Leon Trotsky was a commander in the Polish Soviet war in which Adam Koc was also involved. Koc was born in Congress, Poland.
The generated text is : Leon Trotsky was a commander in the Polish-Soviet war, part of the Russian Civil War military conflict in which Adam Koc was involved.
The generated text is : Born in Athens, Greece, Adonis Georgiadis, worked as the Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally.
The generated text is : Adonis Georgiadis, born in Athens, Greece, worked as the Minister for Health.
The generated text is : Adonis Georgiadis was a member of the New Democracy party in Greece whose color is blue. Mr. Georgiadis was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister.
The generated text is : Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands and worked at the House of Representatives, where the leader is Mark Rutte.
The generated text is : Agnes Kant is a member of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands whose leader is Mark Rutte.
The generated text is : Agnes Kant was born in West Germany. She was a Member of the House of Representatives and her Alma mater was Radboud University in Nijmegen.
The generated text is : Airey Neave participated in World War II and his career lasted from 30 June 1953 to 30 March 1979.
The generated text is : Airey Neave, began his career on March 4th 1974, fought in World War II and ended his career on 30th March 1979.
The generated text is : Born on 22nd September 1856, Albert B White, died on the 3rd July 1941.
The generated text is : William M. O. Dawson succeeded Albert B. White, whose spouse was Agnes Ward White, who was born in Marietta, Ohio.
The generated text is : Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island and he died in the U.S. African Americans live in the United States.
The generated text is : Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island, New York City and died in New Mexico Territory.
The generated text is : Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island, New York and also died in the US.
The generated text is : Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires, the country which is governed by the Buenos Aires City Legislature and the leader is, Horacio Rodríguez Larreta.
The generated text is : Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza in Argentina and was a Rear Admiral who was succeeded by Isaac Rojas.
The generated text is : Alfons Gorbach was born in the County of Tyrol in Austria and later died in Graz.
The generated text is : Alfred N. Phillips was a Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district who was born in Connecticut and succeeded by Albert E Austin.
The generated text is : Born in Darien Connecticut, Alfred N Phillips, worked as Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district and was succeeded by, Albert E. Austin.
The generated text is : Allan Shivers served in the U.S. Democratic Party, was a member of the Texas State Senate District 4 for Port Arthur and was succeeded by Wilfred R. Cousins, Jr.
The generated text is : Alvah Sabin, who retired on 3rd March 1857, represented Vermont, where the largest city is Burlington.
The generated text is : Alvah Sabin, who was born on October 23rd, 1793, was a member of the Whig Party of the United States which was led by Henry Clay.
The generated text is : Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia Vermont and became a member of the Whig Party of the United States which is led by Daniel Webster.
The generated text is : Abraham Lincoln was a commander in the American Civil War, where US born Albert Jennings Fountain fought.
The generated text is : Alfred Moore Scales was in the American Civil War, Battle of Fredericksburg. Jefferson Davis was an American Civil War commander.
The generated text is : Alfons Gorbach, was born in the County of Tyrol and died in Austria, the leader of which, is Doris Bures.
The generated text is : Alfons Gorbach was born in the state of Tyrol and died in Austria, where the leader is Doris Bures.
The generated text is : Doris Bures is the leader of Austria where Alfons Gorbach died in Styria.
The generated text is : Robert E Lee was a commander in the Battle of Salem Church, which was one of the military conflicts in the American Civil War. Aaron S Daggett fought in the same battle.
The generated text is : Born in Stellendam, Ab Klink is a national of the Netherlands where the Euro is the currency.
The generated text is : The Polish language is used in Poland, where Adam koc was from. Poland has an ethnic group called Kashubians.
The generated text is : 19255 1994 VK8 has a mass of 5.6kg and an escape velocity of 0.0925 kilometres per second. Its apoapsis is 6603633000.0 km.
The generated text is : (410777) 2009 FD, which was discovered by Spacewatch, has an orbital period of 39447000.0 and a periapsis of 88234300000.0.
The generated text is : With an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 kilometres, (66063) 1998 RO1, has a minimum temperature of -71.0 degrees Celsius and a maximum temperature of 500.0 kelvins.
The generated text is : Having a density of 2.0 gm per cu cm, (66391) 1999 KW4, has an apoapsis of 162164091.8388 kilometres, an the average speed of 37.16 km per sec.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : 1001 Gaussia, which was formerly called "1923 OAA907 XC", has an epoch date of 31 July 2016 and a periapsis of 419113394.55312 kilometres.
The generated text is : 101 Helena; has a mass of 3.0 kgs, an escape velocity of 0.0348 kilometres per second, and an apoapsis of 441092000.0 kilometres.
The generated text is : Walter Baade, a German national who graduated from the University of Gottingen, discovered 1036 Ganymed.
The generated text is : James Craig Watson was the discoverer of 103 Hera, the epoch of which is on the 31st of July 2016. He died in Madison, Wisconsin.
The generated text is : 103 Hera was discovered by James Craig Watson. He died in Madison, Wisconsin of peritonitis.
The generated text is : 103 Hera has the epoch of 27 August 2011. It has an orbital period of 1622.213 days and an apoapsis of 437170000.0 (kilometres).
The generated text is : The celestial body known as 103 Hera has a temperature of 170 kelvins. It has has an escape velocity of 0.0482 kilometres per second and an apoapsis of 437170000.0 kilometres.
The generated text is : NR Pogson was an English National who was born in Nottingham and discovered 107 Camilla.
The generated text is : The 1089 Tama (formally known as A894 VA; A904 VD) has an orbital period of 1202.846 days and an epoch date of the 26th November 2005.
The generated text is : 1089 Tama, with the epoch date November 26th 2005, has a periapsis of 288749000000.0. and an apoapsis of 373513000.0 kilometres.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Weighing 7.5kgs, 109 Felicitas, has an epoch date of December 31st 2006, and its orbital period is, 139705000.0.
The generated text is : 109 Felicitas has an epoch date of December 31st 2006. Its orbital period is is 139705000.0 and its apoapsis is 523329000.0 (kilometres).
The generated text is : 10 Hygiea; has an average speed of 16.76 kilometres per second, an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 kilometre and takes 5.57 days to orbit.
The generated text is : The celestial body known as 10 Hygiea, has a surface area of 837080.744 square km and an average speed of 16.76 km per secs. 10 Hygiea has an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 kilometres.
The generated text is : The celestial body known as 10 Hygiea has a surface area of 837080.744 square km. It has an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 kilometres and a temperature of 164 Kelvins.
The generated text is : 110 Lydia has a mass of 6.7 kg, a periapsis of 377016000000.0, and has an epoch date of December 31st, 2006.
The generated text is : 110 Lydia, with the epoch date December 31st 2006, has an apoapsis of 440756000.0 km and a periapsis measurement of 377016000000.0.
The generated text is : Aaron Bertram plays for the Suburban Legends pop music band.He is an artist with the band Kids Imagine Nation.
The generated text is : From Indiana (United States), Aaron Deer's musical genre is, indie rock.
The generated text is : American, Aaron Deer, whose genre is Psychedelia, is from Indiana.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner's music genre is Black Metal and he played with the Twilight band. He is also associated with the Greymachine band.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner; played with the band Twilight, is part of the drone music genre and is associated with the group Greymachine.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner; performs ambient music, played with the band Twilight and performs for Mamiffer.
The generated text is : Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal, the music played by electric guitarist, Aaron Turner.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner is a singer and Black metal musician. Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal.
The generated text is : Born on 12th November, 1978, Abradab, played with the band Kaliber 44 and is associated with the rapper, Magik.
The generated text is : Abradab comes from Katowice and plays for the Kaliber 44 band. He plays with rapper, Magik.
The generated text is : The musical genre of Ace Wilder is hip hop music. Hip Hop music originates from Funk and has its stylistic origins in disco.
The generated text is : Agustín Barboza was born in Asunción, Paraguay. The leader of Paraguay is Juan Afara.
The generated text is : Al Anderson is a singer who plays with the band NRBQ. His genre is rock music.
The generated text is : Alan Frew is a performer of rock music which originated from country music. A musical fusion of rock music is bhangra music.
The generated text is : Albennie Jones is a Jazz musician. Jazz comes from Blues music and the Afrobeat is a fusion genre of that music.
The generated text is : Albennie Jones was born in Errata Mississippi and his musical genre is rhythm and blues which is where Disco derives.
The generated text is : Aleksandra Kovač is associated with the musical artist Bebi Dol, is part of the band K2 (Kovac sisters duo), and musical genre is Pop.
The generated text is : Aleksandra Kovač, a performer of pop music, is associated with the musical artists Bebi Dol and Kornelije Kovač.
The generated text is : Rhythm and Blues artist Aleksandra Kovač is a member of sister duo, K2, with musician Kristina Kovač.
The generated text is : The musical genre of Alex Day is Synthpop, a form of pop music which originated from Disco.
The generated text is : Born in Manchester, England, Alfred Garth Jones, died in Sidcup.
The generated text is : Alfred Garth Jones, born in England in the U.K., died in London.
The generated text is : Alfred Garth Jones, was born in Manchester, in the United Kingdom and died in London.
The generated text is : Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester and died in Sidcup. The majority in Manchester is the Labour Party.
The generated text is : Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup, London. Boris Johnson is a leader in the city.
The generated text is : Irish Folk musician Alison O'Donnell is part of the Flibbertigibbet band and formerly of Mellow Candle.
The generated text is : Folk music is the genre of Alison O'Donnell, who was in the bands Mellow Candle and the Flibbertigibbet band.
The generated text is : Alison O'Donnell is a jazz (funk is a derivative of Jazz) performer who sings, plays percussion, autoharp and bodhan.
The generated text is : Funk is a derivative of Jazz, the music Alison O'Donnell performs. Alison O'Donnell recorded on the record label, Static Caravan Recordings.
The generated text is : Allen Forrest (Dothan, Alabama) is a solo singer and an exponent of Pop music.
The generated text is : Allen Forrest, born in Dothan, Alabama, performs rhythm and blues. He was originally a solo singer.
The generated text is : Musician Andrew White's genre is alternative rock which originated from new wave music. Nu metal is a music fusion genre of alternative rock.
The generated text is : Anders Osborne is associated with the musical artists Billy Iuso and Kirk Joseph and also associated with Tab Benoit.
The generated text is : Anders Osborne’s musical genre is rock music and record label is Rabadash Records. The music Bhangra is part of the fusion genre, partly coming from Rock music.
The generated text is : Andra is a singer and her music genre is Dance-pop. She is associated with the band CRBL and with the singer Puya.
The generated text is : Rhythm and blues singer Andra is associated with musicians Marius Moga and Andreea Balan.
The generated text is : Andra began her career as a solo singer and is a rhythm and blues singer. Disco derives from rhythm and blues.
The generated text is : The musical genre of Andrew Rayel is trance music. He is associated with the musical artists Jonathan Mendelsohn and Christian Burns.
The generated text is : Andrew Rayel, of the music genre trance music, is associated with the musical artists Jonathan Mendelsohn and Bobina.
The generated text is : Musicians Andrew Rayel and Christian Burns are associates and while the latter plays house music, the former is associated with musician Jwaydan Moyine.
The generated text is : Andrew white was once a member of Kaiser Chiefs and is associated with Marry Banilow. His record label is the now defunct Universal Records.
The generated text is : Aaron Bertram plays for the Suburban Legends band and performs ska punk music, which has its origins in Ska.
The generated text is : Albennie Jones was born in Errata, Mississippi, United States, where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
The generated text is : The 1955 Dodge, also named the Dodge Coronet, has a 3-speed automatic transmission and a V8 engine.
The generated text is : A-Rosa-Luna, a cruise ship 125800.0 millimetres in length, was ordered on January 22, 2004.
The generated text is : A-Rosa Luna has a ship displacement of 1850 tonnes and a top speed of 24 km/h. Its length is 125.8 metres.
The generated text is : The AIDAstella is owned by Cost Crociere and it's operator is German based AIDA Cruises.
The generated text is : The AIDAstella was christened on the 16th of March, 2013, put in service on March 17, 2013, and is 253260.0 millimetres in length.
The generated text is : The ALCO RS-3 has a four-stroke engine, a length of 17068.8 millimetres and was built by the American Locomotive Company.
The generated text is : The ALCO RS-3 was built by the American Locomotive Company. It is 17068.8mm long and has a V12 engine.
The generated text is : The American Locomotive Company, founded in Schenectady, New York, were the builders of the ALCO RS-3, which has a length of 17068.8 mm.
The generated text is : ALVX-1 comes from the US where Americans live and African Americans are an ethnic group.
The generated text is : The ALV X-1 originated in the United States, a country whose capital is Washington DC and has Native Americans as an ethnic group.
The generated text is : The ALV X-1 rocket which has a diameter of 1.524 meters and has 2 stages was launched one.
The generated text is : The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé, with its straight four engine, completed production in 1958.
The generated text is : The Abarth 1000 Gt Coupe is a 2 door coupe which is 1.55m wide with a wheelbase of 2160mm.
The generated text is : The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov which has a ship beam of 21.2, was built at the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard, in Helsinki.
The generated text is : Alfa Romeo 164, asembled in Italy (capital:Rome), is a related mode of transportation as the Fiat Croma.
The generated text is : The Lancia Thema and the Alfa Romeo 164 are related. The latter is built in Italy where the capital is Rome.
The generated text is : The Arese assembled, Alfa Romeo 164 and the Fiat Croma as well as the Lancia Thema, are related types of transportation.
The generated text is : The Alfa Romeo 164, made in Milan, along with the Fiat Croma and the Saab 9000 are related cars.
The generated text is : The Alhambra has a ship beam of 8.3m, is 63800.0 millimetres long, and was launched on 1855-05-31.
The generated text is : The Alhambra, which was wrecked, had a ship beam of 8.3 metres and was launched on 31 May 1855.
The generated text is : Alvis Car and Engineering Company was founded in Coventry and made the Alvis Speed 25. Alvis Speed 25 has a petrol engine.
The generated text is : The AMC Matador is made by American Motors who has a key person called Roy D Chapin. The AMC was succeeded by the Eagle Co.
The generated text is : The Antares rocket, manufactured at the Yuzhnoye Design Office, is relative to the United States based, Delta II.
The generated text is : The Antares rocket function is a medium expendable launch system manufactured at the Yuzhnoye Design Office and launched at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0.
The generated text is : Arianespace is the manufacturer of Ariane 5 which was launched from ELA-3 at the Guiana Space Centre.
The generated text is : The Aston Martin V8 assembly took place in Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, United Kingdom. The Aston Martin V8(has a engine volume of 5.3 litres) and the Aston Martin DBS are related means of transport.
The generated text is : The Aston Martin V8 and the Aston Martin DBS are related means of transport. The V8 model is assembled in the United kingdom with a 5.3 litre engine.
The generated text is : The US Atlas II was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base and Cape Canaveral.
The generated text is : The Atlas II originated from the United States, where Native Americans are an ethnic group. The leader of the United States has the title President of the United States.
The generated text is : Originating from the U.S, the Atlas II was launched from the Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36, from the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
The generated text is : The Audi A1, a hatchback, has a 1.2 liter engine and is assembled by Audi Brussels.
The generated text is : Audi's A1 is simiilar to the Seat Ibiza and the VW Polo.
The generated text is : Caterpillar Inc., founded in California and located in Peoria, Illinois, powers the AIDAluna.
The generated text is : Caterpillar Inc. is found in Illinois and they powered the AIDAluna. AIDACruises owns the AIDAluna.
The generated text is : The ship AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruises which is owned by Costa Crociere is in Genoa.
The generated text is : The rocket Antares is comparable to the American, Delta II. The launch site of the Delta II was at the Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2.
The generated text is : The Ariane 5 was launched at ELA-3 at the Guiana Space Centre. The Guiana Space Centre has its headquarters in French Guiana.
The generated text is : The launch site of the Ariane was ELA-3 at the Guiana Space Centre at Kourou, French Guiana.
The generated text is : The builder of the A-Rosa is Neptun Werft, which headquartered in Rostock, Germany.
The generated text is : The Atlas II originated from the U.S, where Americans live and one of the ethnic groups is African Americans.
The generated text is : Aaron Hunt represented the club Goslarer SC 08 at youth level and has since played for both SV Werder Bremen and Vfl Wolfsburg.
The generated text is : Aaron Hunt plays for the club SV Werder Bremen II and also VfL Wolfsburg which is managed by Dieter Hecking.
The generated text is : Abel Hernandez is a member of the Central Espanol youth team and he plays for Hull City AFC but his club is US Citta di Palermo.
The generated text is : Abel Hernández played football at youth level for Central Español. At senior level he has played for US Citta di Palermo and Penarol.
The generated text is : Adam Maher was born in the Netherlands and his clubs are PSV Eindhoven and AZ Alkmaar.
The generated text is : Akeem Adams played for W Connection F.C. and is a member of the United Petrotrin F.C. club. which play in Palo Seco.
The generated text is : Akeem Ayers, whose former team was the Los Angeles Rams, was in draft round 2 and his draft pick number was 39.
The generated text is : Akeem Ayers, who formerly played for St Louis Rams, was number 39 in the draft pick and in draft round 2.
The generated text is : Akeem Dent, who was born on 27 September 1987 in Atlanta, Georgia, made his debut with the Atlanta Falcons.
The generated text is : Iraqi born, Alaa Abdul-Zahra, whose club is Shabab Al-Ordon Club, plays for the Iraq national under 20 football team.
The generated text is : Alaa Abdul-Zahra's clubs are Shabab Al-Ordon and also Al Kharaitiyat SC whose ground is Al Khor.
The generated text is : Born on 1 January 1989, Alan Martin currently plays for Hamilton Academical FC, having previously played with Clyde FC.
The generated text is : Alan Martin's football club is Motherwell FC and he has also played for the Accrington based club Accrington Stanley.
The generated text is : Born September 2, 1995, Aleksander Barkov Jr of Tampere, Finland, played for the Florida Panthers.
The generated text is : Aleksander Barkov Jr was born in Tampere, Finland on Sept. 2, 1995 and his draft team is the Florida Panthers.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Chumakov was born in the Soviet Union and died there in Russia. The leader of Russia is Vladimir Putin.
The generated text is : Born on 24th February 1989, Aleksandr Prudnikov, plays for both, FC Alania Vladikavkaz and FC Kuban Krasnodar club.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudnikov, whose club is FC Tom Tomsk, was born on 24th February 1989 and has played for the Russia national football B team.
The generated text is : AZAL PFK player, Aleksandre Guruli, played for the Olympique Lyonnais club, the home ground of which, is the Parc Olympique Lyonnais stadium.
The generated text is : Aleksandre Guruli, whose club is US Lesquin, played for the Olympique Lyonnais club who have their home ground at Parc Olympique Lyonnais stadium.
The generated text is : Footballer Alessio Romagnoli, who represented Italy at Under 16 level, plays for C Milan, where the manager is Siniša Mihajlović.
The generated text is : Alessio Romagnoli, who is connected to UC Sampdoria, plays for A.C. Milan which, is managed by, Siniša Mihajlović.
The generated text is : Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.S. Roma and he use to play for the Italian national under 16 football team, which is coached by Daniele Zoratto.
The generated text is : Alessio Romagnoli played for the club U.C. Sampdoria, and is a member of club Italy national under 17's. He was born in Italy.
The generated text is : Alex Plante was born in Brandon, Manitoba and is 1.9304 m tall. He plays for the Anyang Halla club.
The generated text is : Born in Canada, Alex Plante is 1.9304 metres tall and has played for the club Anyang Halla.
The generated text is : Alex Tyus plays for Maccabi Ashdod B.C. in the Euroleague. The coach of the Ashdod team is Zvi Sherf.
The generated text is : Alex Tyus plays for Maccabi Ashdod B.C who are coached by Zvi Sherf and are part of the Turkish Basketball Super League.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Tom Tomsk and his club is FC Spartak Moscow, who have their home ground at the Otkrytiye Arena.
The generated text is : Otkrytiye Arena is the home ground of FC Spartak Moscow, where Aleksandr Prudnikov played youth football. He later represented FC Anzhi Makhachkala.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow who are managed by Valery Petrakov and played in the 2014-15 Russian Premier league.
The generated text is : Abel Hernández plays for the Uruguay Olympic football team and his club is Hull City A.F.C. which is managed by Steve Bruce.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Chumakov was born in Moscow and died in Russia. Sergey Sobyanin is Moscow's leader.
The generated text is : Abner plays football for the Brazilian national under 20 football team and also for Real Madrid Castilla who are managed by Luis Miguel Ramis.
The generated text is : Footballer, Abner plays for the club, Real Madrid Castilla and belongs to C.D. FAS club. Luis Miguel Ramis manages the Real Madrid Castilla.
The generated text is : Alex Tyus was born in St Louis, (part of greater St. Louis), where Francis G. Slay is the leader.
The generated text is : Akeem Ayers, whose former team is the New England Patriots, made his debut with the American football team Tennessee Titans based in the city of Nashville.
The generated text is : Akeem Adams, who plays for the Trinidad and Tobago national under-20 football team previously played for United Petrotin FC whose ground is at Palo Seco.
The generated text is : Alexander Nouri is the manager of SV Werder Bremen, which Aaron Hunt plays for. He also plays for, SV Werder Bremen II which is in the league 3 Liga.
The generated text is : Abel Hernandez, who played for Penarol, was a member of the Central Espanol youth team. Abel Hernández's club is Hull City A.F.C. which is managed by, Steve Bruce.
The generated text is : Abel Hernández was a member of youth club Peñarol, managed by, Jorge Orosmán da Silva. Abel Hernandezalso played for the Central Espanol club and now his club is US Citta di Palermo.
The generated text is : When he was younger, Abel Hernández played for Peñarol. He now plays for US Citta di Palermo in the Serie A. League and managed by Giuseppe Iachini.
The generated text is : Adam McQuaid was born October 12th 1986 on Prince Edward Island. He weighs 94.8024 kilograms.
The generated text is : Don Sweeney is general manager for the Boston Bruins, the team Adam McQuaid played for. McQuaid was drafted to the Columbus Blue Jackets, from Columbus, Ohio.
The generated text is : Akeem Ayers; was born on 10th July 1989, made his debut for the Tennessee Titans and used to play for the St. Louis Rams.
The generated text is : Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia on 27th September 1987 and played for the Houston Texans.
The generated text is : Akeem Dent, born September 27, 1987 in Atlanta, Georgia, on the Atlanta Falcons. He also played for the Houston Texans formerly.
The generated text is : Alaa Abdul Zahra, whose club is Al-Zawra'a SC, is also a member of the club, AL Kharaitiyat SC Amar Osim is the manager of Al Kharaitiyat SC. which is located in Al Khor.
The generated text is : Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC, in Al Khor, and for the Iraq national under 23 football team. Al Kharaitiyat SC is managed by Amar Osim.
The generated text is : Alaa Abdul-Zahra, whose club is Shabab Al-Ordon Club, also plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC. which is located in Al Khor. The manager of Al Kharaitiyat SC is Amar Osim.
The generated text is : Footballer, Alan Martin, was born on the 1st January 1989. He is 185.42 cm tall and plays for both the Hamilton Academical FC and Crewe Alexandra FC.
The generated text is : Alan martin, was born on the 1st January 1989. He is 185.42 cm tall, a footballer for the Crewe Alexandra FC and plays in the Scottish National under 21 football team.
The generated text is : Born on Feb. 24, 1989 and measuring 185 cm tall, Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for the FC Kuban Krasnodar and is part of the Dynamo Moscow FC.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 24-02-1989, he is now 185cm tall. His club is FC Spartak Moscow but he currently plays for FC Rubin Kazan.
The generated text is : Aleksandre Guruli was born in Batumi and he is 1.78m tall. He has played for FC Karpaty Lviv and FC Zestafoni.
The generated text is : Alex Plante, who played for Anyang Halla, was born on 1989-05-09, in Canada.
The generated text is : 1.9304m tall Alex Plante, whose club is Anyang Halla, was born in Canada, in 1989.
The generated text is : Aaron Boogaard's birthplace is Canada. The country, where one of the languages spoken is Inuktitut. It is also where O Canada is the national anthem and the leader is Elizabeth II.
The generated text is : The anthem of Canada is O Canada, the leader is Elizabeth II, one of the ethic groups in Canada are the Asian Canadians and it is the birthplace of Aaron Boogaard.
The generated text is : Elizabeth II is Canada's leader and the national anthem is "O Canada". It is home to Aaron Boogaard and the Slavey language is spoken.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudnikov, who plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar, also plays for FC Terek Grozny. Rashid Rakhimov is the manager of FC Terek Grozny, the ground of which, is located in Grozny.
The generated text is : FC Torpedo Moscow who are managed by Aleksandr Chumakov and whose chairman is Aleksandr Tukmanov, played the 2014–15 season in the Russian Premier League. Aleksandr Chumakov has played for the club.
The generated text is : Akeem Dent's first team were the Atlanta Falcons and his former team are the Houston Texans, which are based in the city of Houston and play in Texas.
The generated text is : Abel Hernández was a member of youth club Peñarol, that play in the Uruguayan Primera División league. His current club is Hull City A.F.C. which is managed by, Steve Bruce.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : (66063)1998 RO1 had its epoch date on 2013-11-04 and has an orbital period of 360.29 days.It has an escape velocity of 0.0999 km/s and its apoapsis is 254989570.60815 kilometres.
The generated text is : The mean temperature of (66063) 1998 RO1 is 265.0 kelvins and its apoapsis is 254989570.60815 kilometres. It has an epoch date of 4 November 2013 and an orbital period of 360.29 days.
The generated text is : The epoch of 1000 Piazzia is 2015-06-27. It has an escape velocity of 0.0252 km/sec, a periapsis of 352497000000.0 and an orbital period of 488160.0.
The generated text is : 1923 OAA907 XC is the original name of 1001 Gaussia, which was discovered by Sergey Belyavsky and has an epoch date of June 27th 2015. Its periapsis measures 419113394.55312 kilometres.
The generated text is : 1036 Ganymed was discovered by Walter Baade whose alma mater was the University of Gottingen. He had a doctoral student named Allan Sandage. Mr. Baade was born in Germany.
The generated text is : 1036 Ganymed was discovered by Walter Baade. Baade was born in Preußisch Oldendorf and attended the University of Gottingen where one of his doctoral students was Halton Arp.
The generated text is : Walter Baade, who had a doctoral student named Halton Arp, discovered 1036 Ganymed. He had graduated from the University of Gottingen and later died in West Germany.
The generated text is : James Craig Watson was the discoverer of 103 Hera. His Alma mater is the University of Michigan and he died in Madison, Wisconsin of peritonitis.
The generated text is : Canadian James Craig Watson, who dies in Madison, Wisconsin, was the discoverer of 103 Hera, which has an apoapsis of 437170000.0 (kilometres).
The generated text is : James Craig Watson of Canada passed in Madison, Wisconsin from peritonitis. He was the discoverer of 103 Hera.
The generated text is : N.R. Pogson discovered 107 Camilla which has a periapsis of 479,343,000 kilometres. Pogson was born in Nottingham and died in Chennai.
The generated text is : 107 Camilla was discovered by N.R. Pogson, who was born in Nottingham and died in Chennai. It was discovered on 1 March 2001.
The generated text is : 1089 Tama (previously called A894 VA; A904 VD); has an orbital period of 1202.846 days, a periapsis of 288749000000.0, and the epoch date, 2005-11-26.
The generated text is : 1089 Tama, with the epoch date November 26th 2011, has an escape velocity of 0.0068 kmps. It orbital period is 1202.846 days and it has an apoapsis of 373513000.0 (kilometres).
The generated text is : 1097 Vicia, with the epoch date December 31st 2006, has a mass of 98 kgs, an apoapsis of 511592000.0 km and an orbital period of 135589000.0.
The generated text is : 109 Felicitas has an orbital period of 139705000.0 and a periapsis of 283326000000.0. Its epoch date is 31 December 2006, and it has an escape velocity of 0.0473 kilometres per second.
The generated text is : 10 Hygiea was formerly known as A900 GA and has an epoch date of 27 June 2015. The orbital period is 5.57 days and the periapsis measurement is 416136000000.0.
The generated text is : The celestial body known as 1101 Clematis has the epoch date of 31 July 2016 and an apoapsis of 520906000.0 (kilometres). It has an orbital period of 183309000.0 and an escape velocity of 0.02 kmps.
The generated text is : 1101 Clematis, formerly known as "1928 SJ", has an orbital period of 183309000.0 and a periapsis of 445895000000. Its epoch date is December 31st 2006.
The generated text is : 1101 Clematis's escape velocity is 0.02 km/s, prbital period of 183309000, periapsis of 445895000000, and an epoch on the 31st of December.
The generated text is : The 1955 Dodge is manufactured by Dodge and it has a V8 engine. It has a wheelbase of 120 inches and has a 3 speed automatic transmission.
The generated text is : The 1955 Dodge is related to the Chrysler Newport and the DeSoto Custom which was made by DeSoto and succeeded by the DeSoto Firedome.
The generated text is : Located at Rostock, AIDA Cruises operate AIDAstella ship which was built by Meyer Werft and owned by Costa Crociere.
The generated text is : AIDAstella is 253260.0 millimetres long and was built by Meyer Werft. It is owned by Costa Crociere and operated by AIDA Cruises.
The generated text is : The ALCO RS-3, built by the American Locomotive Company, has a diesel-electric, V12 engine and was produced from May 1950 to August 1956.
The generated text is : The ALCO RS-3 has a V12 engine and a length of 17068.8 millimetres. It was produced between May 1950 and August 1956 by the American Locomotive Company.
The generated text is : The ALCO RS-3 was made in the U.S. in Schenectady, N.Y. by the American Locomotive Co. The ALCO RS-3 is 17068.8 millimetres long.
The generated text is : The ALCO RS-3 was built by the Montreal Locomotive Works and produced between May 1950 and August 1956. It has a V12 engine and a diesel-electric transmission.
The generated text is : The ALCO RS-3 was built by the Montreal Locomotive Works and produced between May 1950 and August 1956. It has 12 cylinders and a four-stroke engine.
The generated text is : The AMC Matador which is assembled in Mexico City is also known as the American Motors Matador. It is in the style of a station wagon and has an AMC V8 engine.
The generated text is : The AMC Matador (alternative name, VAM Classic) was assembled in Kenosha, Wisconsin. It is classed as a mid-size car and it has an AMC straight-6 engine.
The generated text is : The Acura TLX is classed as a mid-size car, with a Honda K engine and front-wheel and all-wheel drive. It is assembled in Marysville, Ohio.
The generated text is : The Acura TLX is a luxury vehicle with a V6 front engine design. It is assembled at the Marysville Auto Plant.
The generated text is : The Finnish built Aleksey Chirikov is an icebreaker and currently in service. It was built by the Archtech Helsinki Shipyard and has a ship beam of 21.2m.
The generated text is : The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in Helsinki, Finland. Finland is led by Juha Sipila and the demonym is Finns.
The generated text is : The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in Helsinki by the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard It has a 21.2 m long shipbeam and is in service.
The generated text is : The Alfa Romeo 164 is related to the Lancia Thema and the to the Saab 9000 and in that they are both cars. The Alfa Romeo 164 has a Straight four engine and was assembled in Italy.
The generated text is : The Fiat Croma, Saab 9000 and Alfa Romeo 164 are all cars and therefore are related forms of transportation. The Alfa Romeo 164, has a V6 engine and its assembly line is in Italy.
The generated text is : The Alhambra has a ship beam of 8.3m and is 63800.0 millimetres long. It was launched on 1855-05-31 and had wrecked.
The generated text is : The Alvis Speed 25, which has a petrol engine, was manufactured by the Alvis Car and Engineering Company. The company was founded in Coventry and succeeded by the Rover Co..
The generated text is : The Alvis Speed 25, with its straight-six engine, was made by Coventry area, Alvis Car and Engineering Company, which was succeeded by the Rover Company.
The generated text is : American Motors was succeeded by Eagle and acquired by Chrysler, it includes figure Roy D. Chapin Jr. The AMC Matador is made by American Motors.
The generated text is : General Dynamics Electric Boat is the builder of the American submarine NR-1 and it was launched on January 25th 1969. It's top speed is 8.334 and it has a ship beam of 3.8 m.
The generated text is : The American submarine NR-1, which was launched on The 25th of January 1969, has a top speed of 9.334 km/hr, a ship beam of 3.8m and a length of 45000.0 mms.
The generated text is : The Antares rocket was made by the Yuzhnoye Design Office and launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. It's maiden flight was on 21 April 2013 and the final flight on 28 October 2014.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Aston Martin V8 was made by Aston Martin in the UK whose capital is London. The Martin was succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage.
The generated text is : The Aston Martin RHAM/1, Aston Martin V8 and Aston Martin DBS are a related means of transport. It is assembled in the United Kingdom and has a 5.3 litre engine.
The generated text is : The Aston Martin V8, manufactured by Aston Martin, has a 5.3 litre engine and was succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage. The Aston Martin V8 and Aston Martin DBS are a related means of transport.
The generated text is : The Atlas II, which is 3.04m in diameter, has been launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station and Vandenberg Air Force Base. Its final flight was December 5, 2002.
The generated text is : Audi A1 belongs to the supermini class and is assembled at Audi Brussels. It has a 1.2 litre engine and a front engine, front-wheel drive layout .
The generated text is : August Horch founded Audi, which makes the Audi A1. Audi e-tron is a division of Audi and the company Ducati is owned by them.
The generated text is : Caterpillar Inc was founded in California and is located in Illinois. It powers the AIDAluna which is owned by AIDA Cruises.
The generated text is : The AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft and is operated by AIDA Cruise Line. The AIDAstella is owned by Costa Crociere, who are located in Genoa.
The generated text is : The Delta II originated in the United States and launched from the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. It is similar to the Antares rocket which launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0.
The generated text is : Launched at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station and the Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2 was the Delta II US rocket. The Antares rocket is similar to the Delta.
The generated text is : The Alfa Romeo 164 is a sedan that is assembled in Italy. It is a similar means of transport to the Fiat Croma and also related to the Opel Vectra.
The generated text is : The Alfa Romeo 164, Opel Vectra and Fiat Croma are similar means of transport. The Alfa Romeo 164 is a sedan which was assembled in Milan.
The generated text is : General Dynamics is the parent company of the General Dynamics Electric Boat Co. out of Groton, CT. The GD Electric Boat Co built the American sub called NR-1 which has a 3.8 m beam.
The generated text is : Neptun Werft built the A-Rosa Luna at Rostock Germany where Stanislaw Tillich is leader.
The generated text is : The Atlas II is from the United States, where African Americans are among the ethnic groups. Washington D.C. is the capital city of the United States and English is spoken there.
The generated text is : Americans live in the U.S. whose capital is Washington, D.C. and an ethnic group there is known as African Americans. The Atlas II comes from the U.S.
The generated text is : Aaron Bertram plays for the Kids Imagine Nation band and his musical genre is Ska punk. He also plays for the Suburban Legends band in which Brian Robertson plays the trombone.
The generated text is : Coming from Indianapolis, Indiana, Aaron Deer, has a background as a solo singer and performs Psychedelia music.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner, a singer who performs electroacoustic music, is with the band Isis and has performed with the group Sumac.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner played with Twilight and Old Man Gloom bands.He started performing Post metal in 1995.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner plays electric guitar and his genre is Black Metal music in which Death metal is a fusion. He performed with the band Sumac.
The generated text is : Ace Wilder was born on July 23, 1982 in Stockholm. He is a solo singer.
The generated text is : Singer Ace Wilder was born July 23, 1982 in Sweden.
The generated text is : Solo singer Ace Wilder was born in Stockholm in 1982. He is also a songwriter.
The generated text is : Born in 1982 in Sweden, Ace Wilder is a solo singer and songwriter.
The generated text is : Ahmet Ertegun originates from Washington D.C,United States.He started out as a non performing personnel in the rhythm and blues.
The generated text is : Ahmet Ertegun is from the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. His genre is Rock and roll, which has its stylistic origin in the Blues.
The generated text is : Ending his career in 1950, Albennie Jones was a performer of rhythm and blues. This genre originated from the blues and has disco as a derivative.
The generated text is : Albennie Jones performs jazz music which originated its style from Blues music. Albennie Jones was born in the U.S.A, where on of the ethnic groups, is African Americans.
The generated text is : Pop musician and solo singer Aleksandra Kovač was born 1972, in Belgrade.
The generated text is : Born in the Socialist Republic of Serbia (1972), Aleksandra Kovac, a solo singer, is an exponent of Rhythm and blues.
The generated text is : Acoustic musician Alex Day began in 2006 and is associated with the Chameleon Circuit and Charlie McDonnell.
The generated text is : Alex Day performs electronic music and plays with the band Chameleon Circuit. His active musical years started in 2006 and he is associated with the musical artist, Charlie McDonnell.
The generated text is : Alfred Garth Jones was born in 1872 in Manchester, England and died in London.
The generated text is : Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay. The city's leader is Daniel Martinez and the country's inhabitants are known as Uruguayans.
The generated text is : With a background as a solo singer, Uruguay born Alfredo Zitarrosa was signed to the RCA Records label and performed in the musical genre of Candombe.
The generated text is : Folk musician, Alison O'Donnell; started performing in 1963, was with the band Bajik and was a member of the Flibbertigibbet band.
The generated text is : Alison O'Donnell began performing folk music in 1963. She's been associated with the bands Head South By Weaving and Mellow Candle.
The generated text is : Alison O'Donnell is a jazz musician whose record label is the London-based Deram Records. She is signed to the record label "Floating World Records.".
The generated text is : Previously signed to the record label Fruits de Mer Records, jazz musician, Alison O'Donnell is signed with the London based, record label, Deram Records.
The generated text is : Fort Campbell is the birth place of Allen Forrest, who was born in the year 1981. He is a solo singer who plays acoustic music.
The generated text is : Allen Forrest was born in 1981 in Fort Campbell, KY and raised in Dothan, AL.He was originally a solo singer and performs hip hop music.
The generated text is : Andrew White is associated with the musical artist Marry Banilow and he plays alternative rock. That type of music originated from punk rock. Nu metal music is a fusion of alternative rock music.
The generated text is : Anders Osborne is associated with the musical artists Billy Iuso and Tab Benoit. He is an exponent of rock music and worked with the Galactic band.
The generated text is : Alligator records is based in Chicago and the main genre they deal with is blues. Anders Osborne's record labels are Alligator Records and Shanachie Records.
The generated text is : Anders is a professional Dance-pop music singer.She is a solo singer and was born in Romania.
The generated text is : Andra is a rhythm and blues singer. Originating from blues music, rhythm and blues has funk and disco as derivatives.
The generated text is : In 2009 Andrew Rayel started his music career. He played Trance music. Mr. Rayel is associated with Christian Burns and Jonathan Mendelsohn.
The generated text is : Musicians Jwaydan Moyine and Christian Burns are associated with Andrew Rayel, whose musical genre is trance music, which has its origins in House music.
The generated text is : Andrew White started his musical career in 2003 and is associated with the musical artist, Marry Banilow. He plays for the band Kaiser Chiefs and his genre is alternative rock.
The generated text is : Andrew White, who began his musical career in 2003 and was associated with Marry Banilow, was signed to the now defunct record label Universal Records. He was a member of the band The Kaiser Chiefs.
The generated text is : Agustin Barboza was born in Paraguay which is led by Juan Afra. He died in Asuncion which is part of Gran Asuncion.
The generated text is : Al Anderson (NRBQ band) performs country music and also was a member of the Wildweeds. Banjo is used for Country Music.
The generated text is : Allen Forrest performs hip hop music, which has its stylistic origins in disco and funk. Drum and bass is a derivative of hip hop.
The generated text is : The birthplace of Alfred Garth Jones is Manchester, (part of Greater Manchester), England. In Manchester the Labour Party is in the majority.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner played post-metal music with the Twilight band. He also played with the House of Low Culture. Cello is a post-metal instrument.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner plays electric guitar and played with the band Twilight. Twilight performs black metal music which when part of a musical fusion is called death metal.
The generated text is : Rhythm and blues artist Albennie Jones was born in the United States. R and B originated from the blues and among the ethnic groups in the U.S. are African Americans.
The generated text is : Maine born Aaron S Daggett fought in the American Civil War, was awarded the Purple Heart and died in West Roxbury.
The generated text is : Born in Maine, Aaron S. Daggett fought in the Battle of the Wilderness, awarded the Purple Heart, and died in West Roxbury.
The generated text is : Ab Klink worked at the Ministry of Health, Welfare and Sport in Netherlands, the country where he was born. He was a student of Erasmus University in Rotterdam which is affiliated with the Association of MBAs.
The generated text is : Mirir, Malaysia born Abdul Taib Mahmud, who lives in Kuching, represented the Asajaya region and was a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu.
The generated text is : Abdul Taib Mahmud was born and resided in the Kingdom of Sarawak. He was in the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and represented the Asajaya region.
The generated text is : Japanese occupied, British Borneo, was the birthplace of Adenan Satem, who succeeded Abdul Taib Mahmud. Abdul Taid Mahmud is a member of Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak party and resides in Sarawak.
The generated text is : Abdul Taib Mahmud, who lives in Sarawak, belongs to the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. He was succeeded by Adenan Satem, who was born in the Japanese occupation Of British Borneo.
The generated text is : Abdulsalami Abubakar served in the Nigerian Army and was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President. Oladipo Diya was the predecessor of Mike Akhigbe and Atiku Abubakar was his successor.
The generated text is : Abdulsalami Abubakar was a member of the Nigerian Air Force. He was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President. Oladipo Diya was the predecessor of Mike Akhigbe and Al-Amin Daggash was the successor of Abdulsalami Abubakar.
The generated text is : Abel Caballero, born in Galicia, Spain, served office during Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez' leadership and Juan Carlos I of Spain's Monarchy. Francisco Franco preceded Juan Carlos I.
The generated text is : Abel Caballero was born in Galicia in Spain, is a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party and worked as Minister of Transport.
The generated text is : Abraham A Ribicoff, married to Casey Ribicoff, was born in New Britain, Connecticut which is in the United States, where Native Americans are an ethnic group.
The generated text is : Adam Holloway was born in Kent and his alma mater was Magdalene College, Cambridge. His career began on 5 May 2005 and he fought in the Gulf war.
The generated text is : Adam Koc, a Polish nationalist, fought in the Polish-Soviet War. Joseph Stalin was a commander in that war. The Polish language is used in Poland.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : Adonis Georgiadis, who was born in Athens, Greece, served as the Vice President of New Democracy and was later succeeded by Makis Voridis.
The generated text is : Adonis Georgiadis, who was born in Athens Greece worked for the Ministry of Economy, Development and Tourism and his successor was Makis Voridis.
The generated text is : Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens in Greece and before being succeeded by Makis Voridis worked as a member of the Hellenic Parliament.
The generated text is : Emile Roemer is a leader of the Socialist Party in Netherlands of which Agnes Kant is also a member. The country uses the Euro as its currency.
The generated text is : Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands where Mark Rutte is a leader. Kant is also a member of the Socialist Party and worked at the House of Representatives in the Netherlands.
The generated text is : Agnes Kant is from the Netherlands, where the leader is Mark Rutte. Emile Roemer is a member of (and leader of) the Socialist Party in the Netherlands.
The generated text is : Agnes Kant, a Netherland national, is a member of the Socialist Party of the Netherlands which is led by Emile Roemer and uses the colour of red.
The generated text is : Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge in London and started his career on the 30th June 1953. He fought in the Battle of France and ended his career on the 30th March 1979.
The generated text is : Airey Neave, who was born in Knightsbridge, London, fought in the Battle of France. His career lasted only five years beginning March 4th, 1974 and ending on the 30th of the same month in 1979.
The generated text is : Airey Neave served in the Royal Artillery Unit which has a garrison in Hohne. He also participated in World War II where Chiang Kai-shek was a commander.
The generated text is : Albert B. White, who was born in Cleveland an died at Parkersburg, West Virginia was succeeded by William M. O. Dawson who was born in Bloomington Maryland.
The generated text is : Albert B. White was born in Cleveland and his successor was William M.O. Dawson. He started his career on March 4, 1901 and finished it on March 4th 1905.
The generated text is : Born in New York city (where French is one of the languages spoken), Albert Jennings Fountain battled in the American Civil War. The same conflict in which Abraham Lincoln was a commander.
The generated text is : New York City was the birthplace of Albert Jennings and he passed away in Dona Ana County, New Mexico. He fought in the American Civil War and one commander in that war was Jefferson Davis.
The generated text is : Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York on Staten Island and died in New Mexico Territory.
The generated text is : Alberto Teisaire belongs to the Justicialist Party and was in office while Juan Peron was President. Teisaire died in Buenos Aires, where the leader is Horacio Rodríguez Larreta.
The generated text is : Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza in Agentina and he was a Rear Admiral. He worked as a Provisional President of the Argentine Senate and his successor was Isaac Rojas.
The generated text is : Alfred Moore Scales was born in Reidsville, North Carolina, is a member of the Democratic Party in the United States and served as Governor of North Carolina. He was succeeded by Daniel Gould Fowle.
The generated text is : Connecticut born Alfred N Phillips served in the US Army and fought in the Whiskey Rebellion battle. He was later a Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district.
The generated text is : Alfred N. Phillips, born in Connecticut was a member of the United States Democratic Party and worked as a Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from the Connecticut's 4th district. His successor was Albert E. Austin.
The generated text is : Darien, Connecticut is the birthplace of Alfred N. Phillips and he was a member of the United States Democratic Party. He was also the Mayor of Stamford Connecticut and his successor was Albert E. Austin.
The generated text is : U.S. Democratic Party member and Texas Governor, Allan Shivers, was born in Lufkin, Texas. He was succeeded by Price Daniel.
The generated text is : Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin, Texas, and served in the Democratic Party of the US. He worked as the Governor of Texas and was eventually succeeded by Wilfred R Cousins Jr.
The generated text is : Alvah Sabin is from the state of Vermont, which has the largest city of Burlington. Sabin worked as the Secretary of State of Vermont and represented Vermont's 3rd Congressional District.
The generated text is : Alvah Sabin was a member of the Whig Party of the United States and he represented Vermont, whose biggest city is Burlington. Daniel Webster was a leader of the Whig Party in the United States.
The generated text is : The Battle of Gettysburg took place during the American Civil War when Robert E Lee was a commander. Aaron S Daggett fought at the Battle of Gettysburg and was awarded the Purple Heart.
The generated text is : Argentinian, Alberto Teisaire was in office while Juan Peron was President. Perón was a member of the Labour Party in Argentina where the dominant language is Spanish.
The generated text is : Juan Peron was a member of the Labour Party of Argentina and during his Presidency Alberto Teisaire was in office. Teisaire was born in Mendoza in Argentina and was eventually succeeded by Isaac Rojas.
The generated text is : Carnival Corporation & plc is the parent company of Costa Crociere which is the owner of the AIDAstella. The AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft and is operated by AIDA Cruises which is based in Germany.
The generated text is : The AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft and operated by the AIDA Cruise Line. It is 253260.0 millimetres long with a beam of 32.2 metres and a top speed of 38.892 km/h.
The generated text is : The ALCO RS-3 was built by the American Locomotive Company and was produced between May 1950 and August 1956. It has a cylinder count of 12, is 17068.8 (millimetres) in length, and has a four-stroke engine.
The generated text is : The ALCO RS-3, built by the American Locomotive Company, has a V12 cylinder engine and is 17068.8mm long. It was produced from May 1950 to August 1956.
The generated text is : The ALV X-1 originated in the United States where the inhabitants are known as Americans and include the ethnic group of Native Americans. The capital city is Washington DC and the national anthem is the Star Spangled Banner.
The generated text is : The AMC Matador, also known as American Motors Matador, was assembled in Thames, New Zealand. The AMC Matador is a mid-size station wagon with a V8 engine type.
The generated text is : A transport London company called P&O owns the Alhambra ship which contains a Humphrys, Tennant and Dykes power type and has a ship beam of 8.3 m. The ship was built by the Samuda Brothers.
The generated text is : The AMC Matador is manufactured by American Motors, whose subsidiary is The Wheel Horse and successor is Eagle. American Motors was acquired by Chrysler and Roy D Chapin Jr is a key person there.
The generated text is : The American submarine NR-1 which was launched on January 25th 1969 has a top speed of 8.334 km/h. It has a 3.8m ship beam, a draft of 4.6m and measures 45000 mms in length.
The generated text is : The Antares rocket is comparable to the Delta II, which originates from the United States. The launch site of the Antares was the Mid Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0, which is also associated with the rocket Minotaur IV.
The generated text is : The Antares rocket's maiden flight was on the 28th October 2014 and its last flight on 2014-07-13. Its launch site was the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. It is manufactured at the Yuzhnoye Design Office and is 3.9 m in diameter.
The generated text is : The Antares rocket, manufactured by the Yuzhnoye Design Office, was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. At 3.9m in diameter, the Antares rocket had its maiden flight on the 28th October, 2014 and final flight on the 18th of September, 2013.
The generated text is : The Airbus Defence and Space manufactured the Ariane 5 which has a diameter of 5.4 metres. It was launched from the Guiana Space Centre, making its maiden flight on 11 August 2005 and the final flight on 18 December 2009.
The generated text is : The Guiana Space Centre's headquarters are located in French Guiana, it is the location of the ELA-3 launchpad where the Ariane 5 was launched. ELA-3 is operated by Arianespace, which is located in Courcouronnes.
The generated text is : The Aston Martin DBS (later succeeded by the AM Vantage) and the Aston Martin V8 are related means of transport. The latter is assembled at Newport Pagnell by Aston Martin and has a 5.3 litre engine volume.
The generated text is : The Aston Martin RHAM/1, and the Aston Martin DBS are related means of transport to the Aston Martin V8. The latter vehicle is a coupe with a 5.3 litre engine and is assembled at Newport Pagnell.
The generated text is : The Aston Martin V8, suceeded by the the Aston Martin Virage and made n the United Kingdom, led by Elizabeth II. The Vs, the Virage (made by Aston Martin) and the Aston Martin DBS, are related modes of transportation.
The generated text is : The Audi A1 is a hatchback belonging to the supermini class. It has a 1.2 litre engine, a front-engine with front-wheel-drive and is assembled in Brussels, Belgium.
The generated text is : Made by Audi, whose founder is August Horch, is the Audi A1. Subsidiaries of Audi are the Ducati, Audi e-tron and Lamborghini.
The generated text is : The power type of the AIDAluna, owned by AIDA Cruises, is the Caterpillar Inc. engine. Caterpillar, Inc. was founded in California in the U.S. and is located in Peoria, Illinois.
The generated text is : Douglas R. Oberhelman is the key person at Caterpillar Inc which was founded in the United states. The company powers the AIDAluna which is owned by AIDA Cruises located in Rostock.
The generated text is : Douglas R. Oberhelman is a key person at Caterpillar Inc. who provide the power type for the AIDAluna owned by AIDA Cruises. The company was founded in the United States and located in Peoria, Illinois.
The generated text is : The AIDAstella, which was built by Meyer Werft, is operated by AIDA Cruises. It's owner are Costa Crociere who are located in Genoa and a subsidiary of Carnival Corporation & Plc.
The generated text is : Finland is led by Juha Sipila and is home to the Finns. Sami languages are spoken there and the icebreaker ship, Aleksey Chirikov, was built there in the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard.
The generated text is : The builder of the A-Rosa is Neptun Werft whose HQ is in Rostock, Germany. Berlin is the capital in that country and Joachim Gauck is the name of one of its leaders.
The generated text is : The A Rosa Luna was built on the Neptun Werft which is found in Rostock, Germany. Berlin is its capital and Andreas Vosskuhle is one leader there.
The generated text is : The United States, has a capital city of Washington D.C., it's inhabitants are known as Americans and an ethnic group that lives there are Native Americans. The language of the US is English and it is the creator of the Atlas II.
The generated text is : Abel Hernandez is a member of Penarol's youth club and the club is managed by Jorge Orosmán da Silva. US Citta di Palermo and the Central Espanol are also Mr. Hernandez's clubs. The latter club is part of the Uruguayan Segunda División league.
The generated text is : Former Soviet Union international footballer Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia, where the leader is Valentina Matviyenko. FC Torpedo Moscow, managed by Valery Petrakov, once signed Aleksandr Chumakov.
The generated text is : Aleksandre Guruli played for the Olympique Lyonnais club who play their home games at the Parc Olympique Lyonnais and have the chairman, Jean-Michel Aulas. His current club is FC Karpaty Lviv managed by Oleh Luzhny.
The generated text is : Defender Alessio Romagnoli, whose former clubs include UC Sampdoria, has played for the Serie A side AC Milan, which is managed by Siniša Mihajlović.
The generated text is : Alessio Romagnoli is a member of the Italian national under 17 football team and has represented the club U.C. Sampdoria. He is presently with the AC Milan that is managed by Siniša Mihajlović and whose chairman is Silvio Berlusconi.
The generated text is : Central Español, where Abel Hernandez played youth football, are part of the Uruguayan Segunda División league. Hernández has represented Uruguay at international level and also played for the club U.S. Città di Palermo, where the manager is Giuseppe Iachini.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow who have their home ground at Otkrytiye Arena and are chaired by Sergey Rodionov. He also plays for FC Amkar Perm under the management of Gadzhi Gadzhiyev.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prydnikov belongs to FC Terek Grozny, which is managed by Rashid Rakhimov, and has its grounds at Grozny. Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow, which includes chairman Sergey Rodionov.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudnikov once played for FC Spartak Moscow's youth team but now plays for the FC Dynamo Moscow and the FC Terek Grozny out of Grozny. The FC Terek Grozny sees a manager in Rashid Rakhimov.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Chumakov was born in the Soviet Union and was a member of the Soviet Union national football team. He has also played for FC Torpedo Moscow who are managed by Valery Petrakov and participated in the 2014-15 Russian Premier League.
The generated text is : Akeem Adams is a member of the United Petrotrin F.C. club and also Ferencvarosi TC. The latter club, whose ground is Palo Seco, is chaired by Gabor Kubatov and managed by Thomas Doll.
The generated text is : Akeem Adams belongs to Ferencvárosi TC, which is managed by Thomas Doll and includes chairman Gábor Kubatov. He has played for United Petrotrin F.C., who play in Palo Seco Velodrome.
The generated text is : The epoch of 19255 1994 VK8, which has a mass of 5.6 kilograms is December 31st, 2006. Its orbital period is 8,788,850,000 kilometres, with a periapsis of 6,155,910,000,000 kilometres and an apoapsis of 6,603,633,000 kilometres.
The generated text is : 101 Helena was discovered by the Canadian James Craig Watson on August 15th 1868. Mr Watson, who studied at the University of Michigan, died in Madison, Wisconsin.
The generated text is : 101 Helena was discovered by James Craig Watson who originated from Canada and graduated from the University of Michigan. He later died of peritonitis in Madison, Wisconsin.
The generated text is : Walter Baade, who had a doctoral student named Allan Sandage, was born in the German Empire and graduated from the University of Gottingen. He discovered 1036 Ganymed and later died in Gottingen.
The generated text is : Walter Baade, born in the German Empire and graduate of the University of Gottingen, discovered 1036 Ganymed. Halton Arp and Allan Sandage were doctoral students of Walter Baade.
The generated text is : 
The generated text is : James Craig Watson, a Canadian who attended the University of Michigan, discovered 103 Hera on Sept. 7, 1868. He died in Madison, Wisconsin.
The generated text is : 103 Hera was discovered by James Craig Watson, a Canadian who studied at the University of Michigan and died in Madison, Wisconsin. Its periapsis is 371240000.0km.
The generated text is : B. Zellner was the discoverer of 107 Camilla that has an orbital period of 2368.05 days. It's epoch is Dec. 31, 2006. The celestial body has a periapsis of 479343000.0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 560937000.0 km.
The generated text is : 107 Camilla, epoch date 31 December 2006, was discovered by C Woods and has an orbital period of 2368.05 days. The apoapsis and periapsis measurements are 560937000.0 km and 479343000.0 km respectively.
The generated text is : 107 Camilla, which has an epoch date of December 31st 2006, was discovered by F. Vilas. Its orbital period is 2,368.05 days, its periapsis is 479,343,000 kilometres and has an apoapsis of 560,937,000 kilometres.
The generated text is : N. R. Pogson was born in Nottingham in the U.K. and died in Chennai. He discovered 107 Camilla which has an absolute magnitude of 7.08.
The generated text is : 1089 Tama was formerly known as A919 HA; 1927 WB, has an epoch of November 26th, 2005 and an orbit of 1,202.846 days. Its escape velocity is .0068 kilometres a second and it has an apoapsis of 373,513,000 kilometres.
The generated text is : The epoch of 1101 Clematis is on the 31st of July 2016 and it has a mass of 5.7 kilos. The orbital period for 1101 Clematis is 183309000.0, has an apoapsis of 520906000.0 kilometres, and an escape velocity of 0.02 kilometres per second.
The generated text is : 11264 Claudiomaccone has the epoch date of 26 November 2005,its temperature is 173.0 kelvins and has an orbital period of 1513.722 days.It has a periapsis of 296521000.0 kilometres and its apoapsis is 475426000 kms.
The generated text is : Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri, Malaysia, on May 21st 1936 and lives in Kuching. He represented Asajaya and was a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu.
The generated text is : Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and lives in Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching, Sarawak. He is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and was succeeded by the University of Adelaide educated Adenan Satem.
The generated text is : Abdulsalami Abubakar ended his career on 1999-05-29, having been in office while Mike Akhigbe was the Vice President. Oladipo Diya was predecessor to Mike Akhigbe, who belonged to the Nigerian Navy branch of the Military and his successor was Atiku Abubakar.
The generated text is : Abdulsalami Abubakar, who served in the Nigerian Army, ended his career on May 29th, 1999 and served in office while Mike Akhigbe was the Vice President. Akhigbe succeeded Oladipo Diya while Olusegun Obasanjo took over from Abubaka when he left office.
The generated text is : Abraham A Ribicoff was an American National born in Connecticut. He was a member of the United States Democratic Party and held the office of Governor of Connecticut before he died in the US.
The generated text is : Abraham A. Ribicoff who was born in Connecticut, United States, worked as the United States Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare and he was a member of the Democratic Party in the United States. He died in New York City.
The generated text is : Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in Connecticut. He was married to Casey Ribicoff. He was also a national to the United States and he died in New York. The Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.
The generated text is : Gravesham Parliament member and Magdalene College Cambridge alum Adam Holloway, was born in Kent. A Grenadier Guard, he began his career 05/05/2005.
The generated text is : Englishman Adam Holloway, born in Faversham, Kent and having attended Magdalene College in Cambridge, then joined the Grenadier Guards. He is a member of the UK Conservative Party and began his political career on 5th May 2005.
The generated text is : Adonis Georgiadis, was born in Athens, Greece and was succeeded by Makis Voridis. Adonis Georgiadis, was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister. Antonis Samaras was in office while Konstantinos Mitsotakis was Prime Minister.
The generated text is : Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands, where the leader is, Mark Rutte.Agnes Kant worked at the House of Representatives in the Netherlands. Emile Roemer is leader and member of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands.
The generated text is : Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands which is led by Mark Rutte. She was a resident of Doesburg and worked at the House of Representatives which is led by Khadija Arib.
The generated text is : Agnes Kant of Netherlands lives in Doesburg. Mark Rutte is leader of the country and one of its political parties is the Socialist Party which is led by Emile Roemer.
The generated text is : Born on the 22nd of September, 1856, Albert B White died at Parkersburg, West Virginia on 1941-07-03.
The generated text is : Cleveland born Albert B White, whose wife was Agnes Ward White, died in Parkersburg, West Virginia. He was succeeded by William M O Dawson, who was born in Bloomington, Maryland.
The generated text is : Albert B White was born in Cleveland and was married to Agnes Ward White. He worked as the Governor of West Virginia and finished his career on 4 March 1905 being succeeded by William M O Dawson.
The generated text is : Succeeded by William M. O. Dawson, Albert B. White was born in Cleveland and was a member of the Republican Party in the United States. Albert B. White started his career on March 4, 1901 and finished his career on March 4th 1905.
The generated text is : Alberto Teisaire was in office while Labour Party member Juan Peron, who was married to Eva Peron, was President of Argentina. Teisaire died in Buenos Aires whose leader is Horacio Rodríguez Larreta.
The generated text is : Born on 1891-05-20, born in Mendoza, Argentina, Alberto Teisaire, was a Rear Admiral by profession. He worked as the Provisional President of the Argentine Senate and his successor was Isaac Rojas.
The generated text is : Alfons Gorbach's place of birth was the state, Tyrol, in Austria. He was a politician from the Austrian People's Party, who died in Graz, in Styria.
The generated text is : Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst in Tyrol and died in Graz in Styria. He was a politician from the Austrian People's Party.
The generated text is : Alvah Sabin represented Vermont's 3rd Congressional District and his career ended on March 3rd 1857. He was from Vermont, where the largest city is Burlington and he died in Sycamore, Illinois.
The generated text is : Burlington is the largest city in Vermont, where Alvah Sabin was born. He represented Vermont's 3rd Congressional District and died in Sycamore, Illinois.
The generated text is : Native Americans are the ethnic group in the United States. Alfred Moore Scales lived in the United States and involved in was the Battle of Gettysburg. The Battle of Gettysburg was part of the American Civil War conflict, during which, one of the commanders was Jefferson Davis.
The generated text is : Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States, Alfred Moore Scales's country. Alfred Moore Scales took part in the Siege of Petersburg, which occurred during the American Civil War. Jefferson Davis was a commander in the American Civil War.
The generated text is : Argentina's Labour Party President Juan Peron was married to Eva Peron. Argentina is Spanish speaking and home to Alberto Teisaire (in office during Peron's leadership).
The generated text is : Aaron Bertram plays for the Kids Imagine Nation and the Suburban Legends bands, where he performs ska punk music, a form of punk rock. Brian Robertson, a trombonist, is a band member of Suburban Legends.
The generated text is : Aaron Deer comes from Indiana, having been born in the United States. He is a solo singer/ performer of the musical genre indie rock, and is an artist for the Wee Giant band.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner came from the U.S. He is a Black metal musician who started performing in 1995. He plays in the Lotus Eaters band having previously performed with Old Man Gloom.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner is from Massachusetts. He is a musician who loves Sludge metal and played with the band Twilight as well as the Lotus Eater's Band, in 1995.
The generated text is : Abradab was born in Katowice, Poland on 12 November 1978. He is associated with the rapper Magik and played with the Kaliber 44 band.
The generated text is : Solo singer Ace Wilder was born on July 23, 1982 in the country of Sweden.
The generated text is : Ace Wilder was born in Stockholm on July 23, 1982. He is a songwriter with a background as a solo singer.
The generated text is : Ace Wilder is a hip hop musician. Hip hop originates from funk and disco. Gangsta rap is a sub genre of hip hop and drum and bass is a derivative of it.
The generated text is : Hip hop musician Ace Wilder was born in Sweden. Hip hop has its origins in Funk and disco while being an influence on Drum and Bass.
The generated text is : Musician Al Anderson was born in Windsor Connecticut and began his career in 1966. He was a member of the band The Wildweeds and is now part of the rock group NRBQ.
The generated text is : Al Anderson is a guitarist and rock musician with the band NRBQ. Rock originates from country music and is an influence on the fusion style of Bhangra.
The generated text is : Alan Frew is from Coatbridge, Newmarket, Ontario, Canada and he is a musician and solo singer.
The generated text is : Pop music solo singer Aleksandra Kovač was born 1972, in the Socialist Republic of Serbia. Disco is a fusion of pop music.
The generated text is : Rhythm and blues singer Aleksandra Kovač, began her career circa 1990 and is a member of the duo K2, with Kornelije Kovač.
The generated text is : Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, England in the United Kingdom in 1872. He died in London.
The generated text is : Alfred Garth Jones was Sidcup was born in Manchester and died, in Boris Johnson and European Parliament led, Sidcup, London.
The generated text is : Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester and passed away in Sidcup,London.The Labour Party is the leader of Manchester.The European parliament is the leader of London.
The generated text is : Ireland folk musician Alison O'Donnell is signed to Floating World Records and became active in 1963. She is associated with the Flibbertigibbet band and Mellow Candle.
The generated text is : Funk is derived from jazz music as performed by Alison O Donnell. She is signed with the record label Stanyan Records and also Deram Records which is based in London.
The generated text is : Alison O'Donnell, who plays the autoharp, is a performer of jazz, which has its origins on folk music. Jazz has a derivative called funk and a fusion genre named Afrobeat.
The generated text is : Jazz singer Alison O'Donnell plays the bodhran, percussion and autoharp. Jazz derives from funk and blues while being an influence on funk and Afrobeat fusion.
The generated text is : Allen Forrest was born in Fort Campbell, Dothan, Alabama in 1981. He plays acoustic music and has a background as a solo singer.
The generated text is : Anders Osborne, a rock musician, started performing in 1989 and has worked with Galactic and Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars band. Mr. Osborne is associated with Billy Iuso.
The generated text is : Anders Osborne began his Blues musical career in 1989 and has worked with Galactic, Tab Benoit and Billy Iuso.
The generated text is : Andra is a dance-pop singer who was born in Campia, Turzii in 1986. She began her career as a solo singer and makes her living as a singer and reality television judge.
The generated text is : The singer Andra was born in Romania in 1986 and performs rhythm and blues as a solo artist.
The generated text is : Andrew Rayel is associated with a number of musical artists, these include: Armin Van Buuren, Bobina, Mark Sixma, Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano, Alexandre Bergheau, Jonny Rose, Sylvia Tosun, Lira Yin, and Alexandra Badoi. His musical genre is Trance music which has its stylistic origins in pop.
The generated text is : Andrew Rayel was born in Chisinau Moldova. He's an associate of Armin van Buuren and Christian Burns. Mr Rayel's musical genre is Trance which he started in 2009.
The generated text is : Andrew Rayel was born in Chisinau, Moldova and began his Trance Music career in 2009. He is associated with jwaydan Moyine and Bobina.
The generated text is : String instrumentalist Andrew Rayel, who performs Trance music, is associated with Christian Burns and Jwaydan Moyine, the latter of which has worked with the musical artist John Digweed.
The generated text is : B-Unique Records and Polydor Records artist Andrew White began in 2003 and is associated with the Kaiser Chiefs and artist Marry Banilow.
The generated text is : Allen Forrest was born in Fort Campbell and is a hip hop musician. Hip hop originates from funk and disco and was derived into drum and bass music.
The generated text is : Allen Forrest was born in 1981 and plays Hip Hop music. Hip hop originated from disco and funk musics. Drum and bass gets its sounds from hip hop.
The generated text is : Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, where the Labour party is in the majority and died in Sidcup, London. Parliament of the United Kingdom is the leader of London.
The generated text is : Agustin Barboza was born in Asuncion, Paraguay where the people speak Spanish. Juan Afara leads the country and an ethnic group in Paraguay are the Mestizo people.
The generated text is : Musician Andrew White, is signed to the record label B-Unique Records and is signed to the London based, record label, Polydor Records. His genre is alternative rock, the fusion genre of which, is Nu metal.
The generated text is : Andrew White is an alternative rock musician with Polydor Records and was once with Universal Records. Polydor Records is in London. Nu metal is a fusion of alternative rock sounds.
The generated text is : Al Anderson plays the guitar for rock band NRBQ. Rock comes from country music which originates from blues. Bhangra music is a musical fusion of rock music.
The generated text is : The banjo is a staple of country music, the origin of rock, which is also inspired by the Blues. Rock lends itself to bhangra and is the style of Al Anderson and NRBQ.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner plays electric guitar and played with the black metal Twilight band and the Old Man Gloom band. A fusion of black metal is called Death metal.
