'The leader of Aarhus is Jacob Bundsgaard.'
'The runway length of Aarhus Airport is 2702.0.'
'Adirondack Regional Airport is 507 metres above sea level.'
'Adirondack Regional Airport is located in Harrietstown, New York.'
'Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes.'
'The runway name at Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is 14L/32R.'
'The runway name at Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is 14R/32L.'
'Afonso Pena International Airport is operated by Infraero.'
'Agra Airport is located in Agra.'
'Al-Taqaddum Air Base has an elevation of 84 metres above sea level.'
'Alderney Airport serves the city of Alderney.'
'The runway name of Allama Iqbal International Airport is 18R/36L.'
'The runway length of Alpena County Regional Airport is 1533.0.'
'The runway name of Alpena County Regional Airport is 1/19.'
'Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam.'
'Andrews is the county seat of Andrews County, Texas.'
'Andrews County Airport serves the city of Andrews, Texas.'
'The runway name of Andrews County Airport is 11/29.'
'The runway name of Andrews County Airport is Helipad.'
'Angola International Airport serves Luanda.'
'Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is located in Auckland.'
'The mayor of Athens is Giorgos Kaminis.'
'Athens International Airport is located in Spata.'
'One of the languages spoken in Belgium is German.'
'Philippe of Belgium is the leader of Belgium.'
'The capital of Denmark is Copenhagen.'
'Lars Lokke Rasmussen is the leader of Denmark.'
'Flemish Government is the leader of the Flemish Region.'
'The language spoken in Greece is Greek.'
'The leader of Greece is Nikos Voutsis.'
'Harrietstown, New York is part of the United States.'
'Anwar Zaheer Jamali is a leader in Pakistan.'
'Paracuellos de Jarama is part of the Community of Madrid.'
'The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey has its headquarters at the Four World Trade Center.'
'San Sebastian de los Reyes is in Spain.'
'Saranac Lake, New York is part of the United States.'
'Stephen Dilts is the Chief of the South Jersey Transportation Authority.'
'Aaron Bertram started performing in 1998.'
'Aaron Deer plays with The Horns of Happiness.'
'Aaron Turner performs avant-garde metal music.'
'Aaron Turner performs black metal music.'
'Aaron Turner is from Boston.'
'Abradab is associated with the rapper Magik.'
'Abradab is a solo singer.'
'Ace Wilder was born on July 23, 1982.'
'Ace Wilder is signed to the record label EMI Records.'
'Agustin Barboza is signed to the record label, Philips Records.'
'Alan Frew played with Glass Tiger.'
'Albennie Jones was born in Errata, Mississippi.'
'Aleksandra Kovac is associated with the musical artist Kornelije Kovac.'
'Aleksandra Kovac is a solo singer.'
'Aleksandra Kovac performs soul music.'
'Alfred Garth Jones died in London.'
'Alfredo Zitarrosa is associated with the musical artist Hilario Perez.'
'The musical genre of Alfredo Zitarrosa is Milonga.'
'Alfredo Zitarrosa is signed to the record label Movieplay.'
"Alison O'Donnell started performing in 1963."
'Allen Forrest performs pop music.'
'Anders Osborne is signed to the record label Alligator Records.'
'Anders Osborne is signed to the Shanachie Records label.'
'Andrew Rayel is associated with the musical artist Jwaydan Moyine.'
'Andrew Rayel was born in Chisinau, Moldova.'
'The musical genre of Andrew White is alternative rock.'
'Asuncion is part of Gran Asuncion.'
'Deram Records is located in London.'
'Afrobeat is a music fusion genre of funk.'
'Gangsta rap is a sub genre of hip hop music.'
'Jazz music originated from blues music.'
'Legacy Recordings is the distributing company of RCA Records.'
'The musical genre of the band Twilight is black metal.'
'The people of the United Kingdom are known as British.'
'Alan Shepard was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy.'
'Alan Shepard died in California.'
'Apollo 11 backup pilot was William Anders.'
'Apollo 14 was operated by NASA.'
'Apollo 8 was operated by NASA.'
'Buzz Aldrin is from the United States.'
'Elliot See served as a test pilot.'
"The mascot of the University of Texas at Austin is Hook'em."
'Silvio Berlusconi is the chairman of A.C. Milan.'
'Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada.'
'Abel Hernandez plays for the Uruguay Olympic football team.'
'Abel Hernandez plays for the Uruguay national football team.'
'Abner is a footballer for the CD FAS club.'
'Adam Maher was born in Ait Ikkou, Morocco.'
'Adam Maher was born in Diemen.'
'Adam McQuaid was born in Charlottetown.'
'Ahmad Kadhim Assad was born in Iraq.'
'Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for PAS Tehran F.C.'
'Akeem Ayers is a linebacker.'
'Akeem Priestley plays for FK Mughan.'
'Akeem Priestley played for the Jacksonville Dolphins youth team.'
'Al-Khor Sports Club play in the Qatar Stars League.'
'Alaa Abdul Zahra was born in Baghdad.'
'The footballer Alan Martin plays for Accrington Stanley F.C.'
'Alan Martin is a footballer for Crewe Alexandra F.C.'
'Aleksander Barkov Jr was born in Finland.'
"Aleksander Barkov Jr's club is the Florida Panthers."
'Aleksander Barkov Jr plays in the National Hockey League.'
'Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Samtredia.'
'Alex Plante was born in Manitoba.'
'Alex Plante is 1.9304m high.'
'Drew Caldwell is the leader of Brandon, Manitoba.'
'Budapest is in Hungary.'
'Inuktitut is one of the languages spoken in Canada.'
'Columbus Blue Jackets play in the city of Columbus, Ohio.'
'The ground of FC Terek Grozny is located in Grozno.'
'FC Tom Tomsk play in the Russian Football National League.'
'Valery Petrakov is the manager of FC Torpedo Moscow.'
'Dale Tallon is the general manager of the Florida Panthers.'
'The coach of Maccabi Tel Aviv BC is Zan Tabak.'
'Olympique Lyonnais play their home games at the Parc Olympique Lonnais.'
'Jorge Orosman da Silva is the manager of Penarol.'
'Point Fortin is in the country of Trinidad.'
'103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin.'
'103 Colmore Row is located on Colmore Street.'
'11 Diagonal Street was completed in 1983.'
'200 Public Square was completed in 1985.'
'Construction of 20 Fenchurch Street began in January 2009.'
'20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom.'
'300 North LaSalle has 60 floors.'
'HOK SVE designed the 3Arena.'
'The 3Arena is located at East Link Bridge.'
'The building of Adare Manor began in 1700.'
'Adare Manor is in the Republic of Ireland.'
'The inauguration date of Akita Museum of Art is 2013-09-28.'
'The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B. Miller Hall.'
'B V Doshi designed Amdavad ni Gufa.'
'Ampara Hospital is in Sri Lanka.'
'Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1988-11-22.'
'Asser Levy Public Baths was constructed in 1904.'
'The postal code for Birmingham is B.'
'Chicago is part of DuPage County, Illinois.'
'Dublin is in the Republic of Ireland.'
'Dublin is part of Leinster.'
'Sumitra Mahajan is a leader in India.'
'Brazilians are an ethnic group in Japan.'
'The leader of Japan is Tarō Asō.'
'Bill Marriott is a key person at Marriott International.'
'English is spoken in the Republic of Ireland.'
'Cape Town is the capital of South Africa.'
'London is the capital of the United Kingdom.'
'Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.'
'Paul Ryan is a leader in the United States.'
'(29075) 1950 DA was discovered by Carl A Wirtanen.'
'(410777) 2009 FD has an apoapsis of 259776702.47055 kilometres.'
'(66063) 1998 RO1 has an epoch date of 2013-11-04.'
'(66391) 1999 KW4 has a periapsis of 29919600000.0.'
'101 Helena has a mass of 3.0 kilograms.'
'101 Helena has an orbital period of 1516.6700000000003 days.'
'The average speed of 1036 Ganymed is 16.86 km/s.'
'1036 Ganymed has a temperature of 160.0 kelvins.'
'F Vilas discovered 107 Camilla.'
'N.R. Pogson discovered 107 Camilla.'
'1089 Tama has an escape velocity of 0.0068 kilometres per second.'
'1097 Vicia has a rotation period of 95040.0.'
'1099 Figneria has an escape velocity of 0.0155 km per sec.'
'1099 Figneria has a mass of 2.7kg.'
'109 Felicitas has a periapsis of 283326000000.0.'
'109 Felicitas has a temperature of 170.0 kelvins.'
'10 Hygiea has an orbital period of 5.57 days.'
'1101 Clematis has a periapsis of 445895000000.0.'
'110 Lydia has an epoch date of December 31st 2006.'
'110 Lydia has a periapsis of 377016000000.0.'
'N.R. Pogson is from England.'
'The area code for Abilene, Texas is 325.'
'Abilene is part of Texas.'
'Mayor is the title of the leader of Albany, Georgia.'
'The total area of Albany, Oregon is 45.97 square kilometres.'
'Albany, Oregon is in the United States.'
'Albuquerque, New Mexico is led by the State Senate.'
'Albuquerque, New Mexico is led by Albuquerque City Council.'
'Amarillo, Texas is in the United States.'
'Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas.'
'Amarillo, Texas is part of the United States.'
'Anaheim, California has the area code 657.'
'Anderson, Indiana is part of Adams Fall Creek, Lafayette, Richland, Union.'
'Angola is part of Pleasant Township, which is in Steuben County, Indiana.'
'Ann Arbor, Michigan is led by a City Administrator.'
'Ann Arbor, Michigan is led by a Mayor.'
'Ann Arbor, Michigan has a population density of 1580.7 inhabitants per square kilometre.'
'Antioch, California is 13.0 above sea level.'
"Antioch, California is led by California's 11th State Assembly District."
'Arlington, Texas has an elevation of 184.0 above sea level.'
'Atlantic County, New Jersey is in the United States.'
'Attica is part of Fountain County, Indiana.'
'Auburn is part of Alabama.'
'California is in the United States.'
'Atlanta is the largest city in Fulton County, Georgia.'
'Georgia is in the United States.'
'Indianapolis is the capital of Indiana.'
'Lee County is in Alabama.'
'The capital of New Jersey is Trenton.'
'Potter County is in Texas.'
'Tarrant County, Texas is in the United States.'
'Ann Arbor is the largest city in Washtenaw County, Michigan.'
'The comic character Asterix was created by Rene Goscinny.'
'The comic character Auron was created by Marv Wolfman.'
'The comic character Balder was created by Jack Kirby.'
'Bananaman is broadcast by STV.'
'Bananaman first aired on 3 October 1983.'
'Bill Oddie starred in Bananaman.'
'Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6.'
'Bill Everett won the Eisner Award.'
'The child of Bill Oddie is Kate Hardie.'
'The comic character Bolt was created by Dan Mishkin.'
'Hugh Hazzard is the full name of Bozo the Iron Man.'
'John Buscema won the Eagle Award (comics).'
'Marv Wolfman won the Eagle Award (comics).'
'The leader of Brazil is Cármen Lúcia.'
'Chinabank has a net income of 1500000000.'
'Felipe Gozon is a key person in GMA New Media.'
'GMA New Media produces web services.'
'GMA New Media is a media company.'
'La Crosse, Wisconsin has a total area of 58.38.'
'GMA New Media is the parent company of Philippine Entertainment Portal.'
'The Pangasinense people are an ethnic group in the Philippines.'
'Rodrigo Duterte is the leader of the Philippines.'
'Swords, Dublin is part of the European Parliament constituency.'
'The County Manager is the leader of Swords, Dublin.'
'The long name of the United States is United States of America.'
'Ajoblanco is also known as Ajo blanco.'
'The main ingredients of Ajoblanco are bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil.'
'Arem-arem is a food found nationwide in Indonesia, but more specific to Java.'
'Arem-arem is a food found in Indonesia.'
'Tomatoes, red chili, garlic, olive oil are the main ingredients in Arrabbiata sauce.'
'Cuttlefish is an ingredient in Arròs negre.'
'Squad is an ingredient in Arròs negre.'
'Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia.'
'Avocado is a member of the genus Persea.'
'Ayam penyet should be served hot.'
'Baked Alaska is a dessert.'
'Frangipane is an ingredient in bakewell tart.'
'Noodles are an ingredient in Bakso.'
'Vermicelli is an ingredient in Bakso.'
'Chorizo is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa.'
'Barny Cakes were created by Mondelez International.'
'Barny Cakes can be chocolate flavoured.'
'Barny Cakes contain 1.8g of protein.'
'Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines.'
'Chicken is an ingredient in batchoy.'
'Vegetables are an ingredient in batchoy.'
'Binignit is a dish from the Visayas region.'
'The leader of Derbyshire Dales is Patrick McLoughlin.'
'Cake is a dessert.'
'Ice cream is a dessert.'
'Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia.'
'The people of Italy are known as Italians.'
'Baduy is an ethnic group in Java.'
'Lemon is a member of the Rosids order.'
'The people of Mexico are called Mexicans.'
'Spanish is spoken in Mexico.'
'Arabic is one of the languages spoken in the Philippines.'
'Shumai is a dish variation of Siomay.'
'Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.'
'The 1955 Dodge is also known as the Dodge Coronet.'
'The 1955 Dodge has a 230 cubic inch engine.'
'AIDA Cruises is located in Rostock.'
'The AIDAluna service began on March 22, 2009.'
'The AIDAluna is classed as a Sphinx class cruise ship.'
'The AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft.'
'The christening date of AIDAstella is 2013-03-16.'
'The AIDAstella began service on March 17th 2013.'
'The ALCO RS-3 has a four-stroke engine.'
'The ALV X-1 was manufactured by Alliant Techsystems.'
'AMC Matador and AMC Ambassador are related means of transportation.'
'The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe ended its production in 1958.'
'The Acura TLX has a 3.5 litre engine.'
'The Acura TLX has a Honda K engine.'
'The Acura TLX has a 9-speed ZF 9HP automatic (V6) transmission.'
'The Alfa Romeo 164 is classed as an executive car.'
'The Alfa Romeo 164 and the Fiat Croma are related means of transport.'
'The Alhambra had its maiden voyage on July 7th, 1855.'
'The Alhambra has a ship beam of 8.3m.'
'The Alhambra has a top speed of 18.52 km/h.'
'The final flight of the rocket Antares was 2014-10-28.'
'The maiden flight of Ariane 5 was on August 11th 2005.'
'The Ariane 5 was manufactured by Airbus Defence and Space.'
'The Atlas II hails from the United States.'
'The Atlas II made its final flight on 1998-03-16.'
'Audi e-tron is a division of Audi.'
'Audi A1 is assembled at Audi Brussels.'
'Caterpillar Inc. was founded in California.'
'Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person at Caterpillar Inc.'
'Caterpillar Inc. is located in Peoria, Illinois.'
'The launch site of Delta II was Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.'
'Sami languages are spoken in Finland.'
'The leader of Germany is Stanislaw Tillich.'
'The Guiana Space Centre has its headquarters in Kourou, French Guiana.'
'Acura is a division of Honda.'
'The Lancia Thema and the Alfa Romeo 164 are related means of transport.'
'Meyer Werft is located in Germany.'
'Meyer Werft is located in Papenburg.'
'Pietro Canonica designed the Ataturk Monument in Izmir.'
'The Ataturk Monument (İzmir) is made of Bronze.'
'The leader of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade.'
"The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan."
'The Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial is made from red granite and white marble.'
'Aaron S. Daggett was awarded the Purple Heart.'
'Aaron S. Daggett fought in the Battle of Mine Run.'
"Abdul Rahman Ya'kub was in office at the same time as Tuanku BujangTuanku Othman was Vice President."
'Abdul Taib Mahmud attended the University of Adelaide.'
'Abdul Taib Mahmud represented the Kota Samarahan region.'
"Abdul Taib Mahmud's successor was Adenan Satem."
"Abdul Taib Mahmud's successor was Sulaiman Abdul Rahman Taib."
'Abdulsalami Abubakar served in the Nigerian Army.'
'Abel Caballero was in office while Juan Carlos I of Spain was Monarch.'
'Abner W. Sibal fought in World War II.'
'Anthony J. Celebrezze was the successor to Abraham A. Ribicoff.'
'Adam Koc was awarded the Cross of Valour for Poland.'
'Adam Koc died in New York City.'
'Adenan Satem attended the University of Adelaide.'
'Adonis Georgiadis worked as the Deputy Minister for Development, Competitiveness and Shipping.'
'Agnes Kant worked at the House of Representatives in the Netherlands.'
'Agnes Kant resides in the Netherlands.'
'Airey Neave was awarded the Territorial Decoration.'
'Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge, London.'
'Airey Neave began his service in 1935.'
'Alberto Teisaire is from Argentina.'
'Alfred Moore Scales fought in the Battle of Chancellorsville.'
'Alfred Moore Scales fought in the Overland Campaign.'
'Allan Shivers fought in World War II.'
'Allan Shivers served in the United States Army.'
'Alvah Sabin ended his career on 1857-03-03.'
'Alvah Sabin was a member of the United States Whig Party.'
'Antonis Samaras successor was Konstantinos Mitsotakis.'
'Gabriela Michetti is the leader of Argentina.'
'The language spoken in Austria is Austrian German.'
'The Battle of Fredericksburg was part of the American Civil War conflict.'
'Edmund J. Davis died in Austin, Texas.'
'The alma mater of Josef Klaus was the University of Vienna.'
'Juan Perón is a member of the Labour Party in Argentina.'
'Oladipo Diya preceded Mike Akhigbe.'
'Sadique Abubakar is a commander in the Nigerian Air Force.'
'The Romani people are an ethnic group in Poland.'
'The Kashubian language is spoken in Poland.'
'Peter Stoger is the manager of 1. FC Koln.'
'1 FC Magdeburg competed in the 2014 season.'
'A.C. Lumezzane played in the 2014-15 Lega Pro season.'
'The full name of A.D. Isidro Metapan is Asociacion Deportiva.'
'The full name of A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is "A."
'A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis competed in the 2014 season.'
'A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis played in the 2014-15 A EPSTH, Greece season.'
'AFC Blackpool has 1500 members.'
'The ground of A.F.C. Fylde is located in The FYlde.'
'A.S. Gubbio 1910 play in Italy.'
'A.S. Livorno Calcio has 19238 members.'
'A.S. Roma were in the 2014-15 Serie A season.'
'Frank de Boer is the manager of AFC Ajax.'
'The nickname of AFC Ajax (amateurs) is Joden, Godenzonen.'
'AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members.'
'AZAL PFK is located in Shuvalan, Baku, Azerbaijan.'
'AZ Alkmaar has 17023 members.'
'Vica manages Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense.'
'Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense played in the 2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Série C.'
'St Vincent-St Mary High School is the ground of Akron Summit Assault.'
'Akron Summit Assault has got 3000 members.'
'Amsterdam-Centrum is part of Amsterdam.'
'The leader of Greece is Nikos Voutsis.'
'Gus Poyet plays for AEK Athens F.C.'
'Jens Hartel plays for SV Germania Schoneiche.'
'John van den Brom plays for AZ Alkmaar.'
'Jorge Humberto Rodríguez plays for A.D. Isidro Metapan.'
'Massimo Drago plays for Delfino Pescara 1936.'
'Massimo Drago plays for S.S. Chieti Calcio.'
'The Olympic Stadium (Athens) is located in Marousi.'
'K-W United FC have been champions of the Premier Development League.'
'Stuart Parker is a footballer for Bury F.C.'
'Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio has an academic staff of 100.'
'The campus of Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.'
'Alba Iulia is in Romania.'
'Alba Iulia is part of Alba County.'
'The patron saint of Romania is Andrew the Apostle.'
'The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has an academic staff of 737.'
'The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Denmark.'
'Eric Flint is the author of 1634: The Bavarian Crisis.'
'1634: The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by The Grantville Gazettes.'
'1634: The Ram Rebellion was followed by 1635: The Cannon Law.'
'The EISSN number of AIP Advances is 2158.'
'A Fortress of Grey Ice is available in hardcover.'
'A Long Long Way has the ISBN number 0-670-03380-4.'
'The ISBN number of A Loyal Character Dancer is 1-56947-301-3.'
"Madeleine L'Engle is the author of A Severed Wasp."
'A Wizard of Mars is written in English.'
'The LCCN number of Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universitat Hamburg is 32024459.'
'Above the Veil is available in hardcover.'
'Acta Mathematica Hungarica is abbreviated Acta Math. Hungar.'
'Acta Mathematica Hungarica covers the academic discipline of Mathematics.'
'Acta Palaeontologica Polonica has the CODEN code APGPAC.'
'Addiction (journal) has the OCLC number 27367194.'
'Wiley-Blackwell is the publisher of Addiction (journal).'
'The LCCN number for Administrative Science Quarterly is 57059226.'
'The OCLC number of Aenir is 45644811.'
'Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has the OCLC number 78771100.'
"Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was followed by Alcatraz versus the Scrivener's Bones."
'The American Journal of Mathematics has an impact factor of 1.337.'
'The novel Castle was followed by Aenir.'
'Cornell University has the nickname Cornell Big Red.'
'HIV is of the genus Lentivirus.'
'Wolf Solent is a notable work by John Cowper Powys.'
'Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom.'
'Joe Biden is a political leader in the United States.'
'John Cowper Powys is the author of Wolf Solent.'
'Abilene regional airport serves the city of Abilene, Texas.'
'Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500.0.'
'Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes and has a runway length of 3500.0.'
'Agra Airport is located in India, a country led by T S Thakur.'
'Al Asad Airbase is 618 feet above sea level and is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq.'
'The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase and was involved in Operation Enduring Freedom.'
'Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which was involved in the invasion of Panama.'
'Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas, part of the community of Madrid.'
'The surface of the first runway at Alderney Airport is made from poaceae and has a length of 877.0.'
'Allama Iqbal International Airport is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority which has its headquarters at Jinnah International Airport.'
'Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township, Alpena county, Michigan, United States.'
'Amsterdam Airport Schiphol has an elevation of -3.3528 metres above sea level and is operated by theSchiphol Group.'
'The 4th runway at Andrews County Airport is made from Asphalt and is 973 metres above sea level.'
'Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, the capital of which is Austin.'
'Luanda is served by Angola International Airport which is 159 metres above sea level.'
'Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Angola.'
'Antwerp International Airport has an elevation of 12 metres above sea level and is operated by the Flemish department of mobility and public works.'
'Appleton is part of Grand Chute, Wisconsin and is served by Appleton International Airport.'
'The surface of the second runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made from Poaceae which belongs to the order of Poales.'
'The surface of the third runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made from Poaceae which is classed as Monocotyledon.'
'The runway length of Ashgabat International Airport, located in Ashgaba, is 3800.0.'
'Athens International Airport is located in Spata and serves the city of Athens.'
'Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens and has a runway length of 3800.0.'
'Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes which is part of the Community of Madrid.'
'Aaron Bertram plays for the Suburban Legends and Kids Imagine Nation bands.'
'Aaron Bertram plays with the Suburban Legends band which performs ska music.'
'Aaron Deer plays the guitar and performs Psychedelia music.'
'Aaron Turner played with the band Isis and the Lotus Eaters.'
'Abradab was born in Katowice, Poland.'
'Ace Wilder performs hip hop music which originated from disco music.'
'Al Anderson is a member of the band NRBQ and performs rock music which originated from country music.'
'Alan Frew performs rock music which originated from country music.'
'Albennie Jones performs jazz music which originated from blues music.'
'Albennie Jones performs rhythm and blues music which originated from blues music.'
'Aleksandra Kovac began her musical career in 1990 and performs soul music.'
'The musical genre of Alex Day is Synthpop which has its origins in Disco.'
'The musical genre of Alex Day is Synthpop which originated from New wave music.'
'Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, which is led by the politician Daniel Martinez.'
'Alfredo Zitarrosa is a solo singer whose musical genre is Zamba.'
"Alison O'Donnell is associated with Plastik Mak and Head South By Weaving."
"Alison O'Donnell plays the autoharp and performs jazz music."
'Allen Forrest, a solo singer, performs pop music.'
'Andrew White is an alternative rock musician. Nu metal is a music fusion genre of alternative rock.'
'Anders Osborne is associated with the musical artists Billy Iuso and Theresa Andersson.'
'Rhythm and blues musician Anders Osborne is signed to the Rabadash Records label.'
'Andra is a pop singer who started performing in 2000.'
'Andra is a solo singer whose musical genre is pop music.'
'Andra is a singer whose musical genre is pop music. Disco is a musical fusion of pop music.'
'Andrew Rayel is associated with the musical artists Jonathan Mendelsohn and Mark Sixma.'
'Andrew Rayel is associated with Mark Sixma and Christian Burns.'
'Alternative rock musician Andrew White is associated with Marry Banilow.'
'Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Uruguay whose leader is Tabare Vazquez.'
'Alan Shepard was a crew member of Apollo 14 and retired on 1974-08-01.'
'American Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey.'
'Buzz Aldrin, now retired, was a fighter pilot.'
'Buzz Aldrin was a crew member of Apollo 11, which was operated by NASA.'
'Buzz Aldrin was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11.'
'Aaron Hunt plays for Vfl Wolfsburg and SV Werder Bremen II.'
'Abel Hernandez plays for US Citta di Palermo and Penarol.'
'Adam Maher plays for PSV Eindhoven and the Netherlands national under 17 football team.'
'Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for Steel Azin F.C. and Al-Naft.'
'Akeem Adams plays for Ferencvarosi TC which is managed by Thomas Doll.'
'Akeem Dent was born on 27 September 1987.'
'Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia in 1987.'
'Akeem Dent made his debut for the Atlanta Falcons who are owned by Arthur Blank.'
'Akeem Priestley was born in Jamaica, a country led by Patrick Allen.'
"Alaa Abdul Zahra's club is Shabab Al-Ordon Club and he plays for Al-Zawra'a SC."
'Alan Martin plays for Barrow AFC and Hamilton Academical FC.'
'Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow which is managed by Valery Petrakov.'
'Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia, a country led by Sergey Naryshkin.'
'Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia, a country led by Vladimir Putin.'
'Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Tom Tomsk in the Russian Football National League.'
'Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv and AS Lyon-Duchere.'
'Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Dinamo Batumi and FC Karpaty Lviv.'
'Alessio Romagnoli is a defender for A.C. Milan.'
"Alessio Romagnoli's youth club was A.S. Roma who play in Serie A."
'Alex Plante was born in Manitoba in 1989.'
'Alex Tyus was born on 8th January 1988 and plays for Pallacanestro Cantu.'
'Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada, where English is spoken.'
'Adam McQuaid was born in Canada, where English is spoken.'
'Abel Hernandez plays for Hull City A.F.C. which is managed by Steve Bruce.'
'11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where coloured people are an ethnic group.'
'200 Public Square has 45 floors and is located in Cleveland.'
'20 Fenchurch Street is located in London, which is led by the European Parliament.'
'250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where Barack Obama is the leader.'
'300 North LaSalle, Illinois, has 60 floors.'
'HOK SVE designed the 3Arena which is located at North Wall, Dublin.'
'3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment and is located at East Link Bridge.'
'3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment which is located in Beverly Hills, California.'
'Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen which has 23 floors.'
'Addis Ababa City Hall has a height of 42 metres and is currently tenanted by the Government of Ethiopia.'
'Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka and has the architectural style of "Tudor and Jacobean".'
'Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka, where the Tamil language is spoken.'
'The construction of Alan B. Miller Hall, located at 101 Ukrop Way, began on 30 March 2007.'
'Alan B. Miller Hall is owned by the College of William and Mary and is located in Williamsburg, Virginia.'
'The Mason School of Business is a tenant of the Alan B. Miller Hall designed by Robert A.M. Stern.'
'Ampara Hospital is located in Ampara District, Sri Lanka.'
'Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital of Sri Lanka which is the location of Ampara Hospital.'
'Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located at U.S. Route 83 and has the reference number 88002539 in the National Register of Historic Places.'
'Asilomar Conference Grounds is located at Asilomare Blvd., Pacific Grove, California and has the reference number 87000823 in the National Register of Historic Places.'
'Asilomar Conference Grounds is located in Pacific Grove, California and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987.'
'Asser Levy Public Baths, constructed in 1904, is located on 23rd Street, Manhattan.'
'Anandiben Patel is the leader of Gujarat which is the location of Amdavad ni Gufa.'
'(410777) 2009 FD has a minimum temperature of 211.0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 259776702.47055 kilometres.'
'(410777) 2009 FD has a periapsis of 88234300000.0 and was discovered by Spacewatch.'
'(66063) 1998 RO1 has an epoch date of 2013-11-04 and an escape velocity of 0.0999 km per sec.'
'(66391) 1999 KW4 has an epoch date of July 14th 2004 and a rotation period of 9953.28.'
'101 Helena has an average speed of 18.44 km/s and an apoapsis of 441092000.0 kilometres.'
'1036 Ganymed has an average speed of 16.86 km/s and an apoapsis of 611961000.0 kilometres.'
'103 Hera was discovered by James Craig Watson, a Canadian national.'
'103 Hera was discovered by James Craig Watson, from Canada.'
'103 Hera has an epoch date of August 27th 2011 and a periapsis of 371240000.0 kilometres.'
'N.R. Pogson discovered 107 Camilla, which has an epoch date of December 31st 2006.'
'1097 Vicia has an orbital period of 135589000.0 and an epoch date of December 31st 2006.'
'1099 Figneria has an average speed of 16.37 km/s and an apoapsis of 605718000.0 kilometres.'
'1099 Figneria has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 and a periapsis of 349206000000.0.'
'10 Hygiea was formerly known as "A900 GA" and has an epoch date of 27 June 2015.'
'1101 Clematis has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 and a periapsis of 445895000000.0.'
'110 Lydia has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 and a rotation period of 39332.9.'
'11264 Claudiomaccone has an epoch date of November 26th 2005 and a periapsis of 296521000.0 kilometres.'
'Albany, Georgia is part of the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group.'
'Albany is part of Oregon, where the largest city is Portland.'
'Alexandria, Indiana has a total area of 6.81 square kilometres and a population density of 755.3 inhabitants per square kilometre.'
'Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas, United States.'
'Anaheim, California has an elevation of 48.0 above sea level and a total area of 131.6 square kilometres.'
'Anderson is part of Anderson Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States.'
'Anderson is part of Fall Creek Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States.'
'Anderson is part of Union Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States.'
'Ann Arbor, Michigan has a population density of 1580.7 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 74.33 square kilometres.'
'Atlanta is in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group.'
'Atlanta is part of Fulton County, Georgia in the U.S.'
'Attica is part of the state of Indiana in the United States.'
'Auburn, Alabama is in the United States, the capital of which is Washington, D.C.'
'Auburn, Alabama is in the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.'
'Austin, Texas has a total area of 703.95 square kilometres, of which 686.0 square kilometres is land.'
'Austin is part of Travis County, Texas, United States.'
'Austin, Texas, United States is led by the City Manager.'
'Austin is part of Texas, United States.'
'Attica is part of the state of Indiana, the capital of which is Indianapolis.'
'Ann Arbor is part of Michigan, United States.'
'Arlington is part of Texas, where English is spoken.'
'Albuquerque, New Mexico is in the United States, where Americans live.'
'Akron, Ohio is part of the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.'
'The comic character Asterix was created by Albert Uderzo and Rene Goscinny.'
'The comic book character Aurakles, also known as "Aurakles", was created by Len Wein.'
'The comic character Ballistic, also known as Kelvin Mao, was created by Doug Moench.'
'Graeme Garden starred in Bananaman which was shown by the BBC.'
'Lancashire born Bill Oddie starred in Bananaman.'
'Bibbo Bibbowski was created by Jerry Ordway, an American.'
'The Black Pirate, also known as Jon Valor, was created by Sheldon Moldoff.'
'The comic character Blockbuster was created by Roger Stern and Tom Lyle.'
'The comic character Bolt was created by Paris Cullins and Gary Cohn.'
'AmeriGas is in the energy industry and is located in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania.'
'AmeriGas is in the energy industry and serves all regions of the United States.'
'Chinabank, which offers banking services, has a net income of 1500000000.'
'Chinabank was founded in the Insular Government of the Philippine Islands and is a publicly traded company.'
'GMA New Media is in the mass media industry and makes mobile apps.'
'Hypermarcas is a pharmaceutical company that produces cosmetics.'
'Hypermarcas is an S.A. corporation whose key person is the CEO.'
'Hypermarcas, located in Brazil, produces drugs.'
'Hypermarcas, located in Sao Paulo, produces drugs.'
'Trane was founded on 1913-01-01 in La Crosse, Wisconsin.'
'Trane is located in Swords, Dublin, Ireland.'
'Bread is an ingredient in Ajoblanco which is a dish from Spain.'
'Almond is an ingredient in the dish Ajoblanco which comes from Andalusia.'
'Tomato is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce which comes from the Lazio region.'
'Bandeja paisa is from the Antioquia Department in Colombia.'
'Arem-arem, which contains banana leaf, is a dish from Indonesia.'
'Olive oil is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce which comes from Italy.'
'Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy, where the capital is Rome.'
'Tomato is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce which comes from Italy.'
'Arròs negre is a dish from Spain and one of its ingredients is squid.'
'Cuttlefish is an ingredient in Arros negre which comes from the Valencian Community.'
'Ayam penyet is a dish from Java and the main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal.'
'Sausage is an ingredient in a bacon explosion which comes from the United States.'
'Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, where John Roberts is a political leader.'
'Bacon Explosion is a main course dish that contains bacon.'
"The bacon sandwich, which contains bread, is also known as a bacon butty, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin."
'Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which comes from France, the United States and China.'
'Baked Alaska is a dish from China, where Standard Chinese is spoken.'
'Baked Alaska and cookies are both desserts.'
'The main ingredients of bakewell pudding are ground almond, jam, butter and eggs and it was created in Rutland Arms, Bakewell, in 1820.'
'Shortcrust pastry is an ingredient in bakewell tart which is a variation of bakewell pudding.'
'Lemon is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa and is from the Citrus genus.'
'Shrimp is an ingredient in batchoy which is eaten in the Philippines.'
'Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines, where Chinese Filipino is an ethnic group.'
'Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapore, where Standard Chinese is spoken.'
'Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapore, where Tony Tan is a leader.'
'Bhajji is a dish from India, where Sumitra Mahajan is a leader.'
'Gram flour is an ingredient in Bhajji which is similar to pakora and other fritters made from wheat or corn flour.'
'Sweet potato and banana are ingredients in Binignit.'
'Sago and sweet potato are ingredients in Binignit.'
'Sweet potato is a flowering plant and is an ingredient in Binignit.'
'Sweet potato is a member of the order Solanales and is one of the main ingredients in Binignit.'
'Granola is an ingredient in the dessert Bionico.'
'Honey is a variation of the dessert Bionico.'
'Bionico and ice cream are both desserts.'
'Peanut sauce is an ingredient in Siomay which is a variation of Batagor.'
'The christening date of the A-Rosa Luna, which is 125800.0 millimetres long, is 2005-04-07.'
'The A-Rosa Luna is classed as a cruise ship and is 125800.0 millimetres long.'
'AIDA Cruises is located in Rostock and operates the AIDAluna.'
'The AIDAstella was christened on March 16th 2013 and is 253260.0 millimetres long.'
'The ALCO RS-3 has a four-stroke engine and was built by the Montreal Locomotive Works.'
'Alliant Techsystems is the manufacturer of the ALV X-1 and produces the AGM-88 HARM.'
'The AMC Matador was designed by Richard A Teague, who is employed by Chrysler.'
'General Motors employee Richard A Teague designed the AMC Matador.'
'The ARA Veinticinco de mayo (V-2) is 192000.0 millimetres long and is from Argentina.'
'The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe was designed by Gruppo Bertone and manufactured by Abarth.'
'The Acura TLX has a Honda J engine and is manufactured by Honda.'
'The Acura TLX, manufactured by Honda, has an Inline-four engine.'
'The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in Finland whose leader is Sauli Niinisto.'
'The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built at the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard and has a ship beam of 21.2.'
'The Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Milan, is a related means of transport to the Fiat Croma.'
'The Alhambra has a Humphrys, Tennant and Dykes power type which is located in Deptford.'
'The Alhambra was launched on 31 May 1855 and has a ship beam of 8.3m.'
'The Alvis Speed 25 has a 4387.0 cc engine and an impressive transmission coined as "single plate clutch, separate 4-speed gearbox all-silent and all-syncromesh, centre change lever, open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints, spiral bevel fully floating back axle".'
'The AMC Matador was manufactured by American Motors, which was acquired by Eagle.'
'The Antares rocket was launched at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 and is comparable to Delta II.'
'The Antares rocket made its maiden flight on January 9, 2014 and was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport.'
'The Ariane 5 was manufactured by Airbus Defence and Space whose parent company is Airbus Group.'
'The Aston Martin V8, succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage, and Aston Martin RHAM/1 are related means of transport.'
'The Atlas II was manufactured by Lockheed Martin and launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.'
'Ducati is a subsidiary of Audi which makes the Audi A1.'
'The Audi A1, manufactured by Audi, is a related means of transport to the Seat Ibiza.'
'Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person at Caterpillar Inc. which provides the power for the AIDAluna.'
'The inauguration date of the Ataturk Monument (Izmir) is 1932-07-27 and is located in Turkey.'
'The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial is made from red granite and white marble and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku.'
'The Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial is made from red granite and white marble and is known in Turkish as Turk Sehitleri Aniti.'
"The Dead Man's Plack is a rock monument dedicated to Aethelwald, Ealdorman of East Anglia."
'Aaron S. Daggett fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg and was awarded the Purple Heart.'
'Aaron S. Daggett fought in the Battle of Gettysburg and was awarded the Purple Heart.'
'Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu.'
'Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri, Malaysia and is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu.'
'Abdulsalami Abubakar served in the Nigerian Army and was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President.'
'Minna born Abdulsalami Abubakar worked as the Nigerian Chief of the Defence Staff.'
'Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State and worked as the Nigerian Chief of the Defence Staff.'
'Abel Caballero was born in Ponteareas, Galicia, Spain.'
'Abner W. Sibal served in the United States Army and fought in World War II.'
'Abner W. Sibal served in the United States Army, which fought in the American Revolutionary War.'
'Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in the United States and is married to Ruth Ribcoff.'
'Casey Ribicoff, born in Chicago, was the wife of Abraham A. Ribcoff.'
'Adam Koc fought in the Polish–Soviet War and was awarded the Cross of Valour for Poland.'
'Adam Koc fought in World War I and was awarded the Officer's Star Parasol.'
'Adam Koc fought in World War I and was awarded the Virtuti Militari.'
'Adonis Georgiadis was born in Greece and worked as the Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally.'
'Adonis Georgiadis was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister and Konstantinos Mitsotakis was the Prime Minister.'
'Adonis Georgiadis was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister and Konstantinos Mitsotakis was his successor.'
'Airey Neave began his musical career on 30th June 1953 and ended his career on the 30th March 1979.'
'Airey Neave began his career on 30th June 1953 and fought in World War II.'
'Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge and fought in World War II.'
'Airey Neave fought in World War II where Joseph Stalin was a commander.'
'Albert B. White, who died in Parkersburg, West Virginia, was succeeded by William M.O. Dawson.'
'Albert Jennings Fountain, who died in the New Mexico Territory, was in office while Edmund J. Davis was Vice President.'
'Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires, which is led by Diego Santilli.'
'Alfons Gorbach was born in Tyrol, Austria.'
'Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria and was in office while Adolf Scharf was President.'
'Alfred N Phillips was born in Darien, Connecticut and worked as Mayor of Stamford, Connecticut.'
'Alfred N Phillips served in the United States Army, which fought in the American Civil War.'
'Allan Shivers, a member of the Texas State Senate District 4 for Port Arthur, was succeeded by Ben Ramsey.'
'Homer Elihu Royce was the successor of Alvah Sabin, who worked as the Secretary of State of Vermont.'
'A.C. Cesena play in Serie B, the champions of which are Carpi FC 1909.'
"A.C. Chievo Verona's ground is Stadio Marc'Antonio Bentegodi and they play in Serie A."
'The ground of A.C. Lumezzane is located in Italy, a country led by Pietro Grasso.'
'Jorge Humberto Rodríguez manages A.D. Isidro Metapan and plays for CD FAS.'
'A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and play in the A EPSTH 2nd GROUP.'
'The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer) who plays for Runcorn FC Halton.'
'The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer) who plays for Sparta Rotterdam.'
'The ground of A.F.C. Fylde, which has 3180 members, is located in The Flylde.'
'Bryning Lane is the ground of A.F.C. Fylde, which has 3180 members.'
'A.S. Livorno Calcio are managed by Christian Panucci, who plays for the Italy national football team.'
"A.S. Roma's ground is in Rome, Italy and they play in Serie A."
'ACF Fiorentina play in Serie A in Italy.'
'Frank de Boer manages AFC Ajax and plays for Ajax Youth Academy.'
'AFC Ajax N.V. own AFC Ajax which has 53502 members.'
"AFC Ajax (amateurs)'s ground is in Amsterdam, the leader of which is Eberhard van der Laan."
'AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members and played in the 2014-15 Topklasse season.'
'AZAL Arena is the ground of AZAL PFK and is located in Shuvalan.'
'Alkmaar Zaanstreek is the full name of AZ Alkmaart, which has 17023 members.'
'Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca is the ground of Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense and is located in Brazil.'
'The full name of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is "Agremiacao Sportiva" and they have 17000 members.'
'Akron Summit Assault play in Akron, Ohio, United States.'
'Massimo Drago manages A.C. Cesena and plays for S.S. Chieti Calcio.'
'The Acharya Institute of Technology is located at In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090. Its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar.'
'The Acharya Institute of Technology was given the "Technical Campus" status by the All India Council for Technical Education. Its official school colours are blue, white and orange.'
'Acharya Institute of Technology offers tennis which is governed by the International Tennis Federation.'
'The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussels.'
'The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Karnataka which has the Arabian Sea to its west.'
'Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint are the authors of 1634: The Bavarian Crisis which was preceded by Grantville Gazette III.'
'1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint and is available as an E-book.'
'Eric Flint is the author of 1634: The Ram Rebellion which is available in hardcover.'
'ACM Transactions on Information Systems (abbreviated to ACM Trans. Inf. Syst.) has a CODEN code of ATISET.'
'Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom, where AIDS (journal) is published.'
'A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by J.V. Jones and has the ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6.'
'A Glastonbury Romance is in print and has the ISBN number 0-7156-3648-0.'
'A Glastonbury Romance is available in hardcover and has the ISBN number 0-7156-3648-0.'
'A Glastonbury Romance is 1174 pages long and is in print.'
'A Long Long Way has the ISBN number 0-670-03380-4 and the OCLC number 57392246.'
'A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.'
'A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press which is located in the United States.'
'A Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane and has the OCLC number 318875313.'
'A Wizard of Mars is available in hardcover and has the ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2.'
'A Wizard of Mars is 560 pages long and has the ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2.'
'Above the Veil is from Australia and was preceded by Aenir.'
'Aenir was followed by Above the Veil which is written in English.'
'Above the Veil was preceded by the novel Aenir, which itself was preceded By the novel Castle.'
'Acta Mathematica Hungarica is published by Springer Science+Business Media which was founded by Julius Springer.'
'The Administrative Science Quarterly (abbreviated to Admin. Sci. Q.) has a CODEN code of "ASCQAG".'
'Cornell University, affiliated with the Association of Public and Land-grant Universities, is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly.'
'Aenir was written by Garth Nix and has the ISBN number 0-439-17684-0.'
'Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is available in hardcover and has the ISBN number 0-439-92550-9.'
'Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is 320 pages long and has the ISBN number 0-439-92550-9.'
'HIV is a member of the Orthoretrovirinae family and is the academic discipline of the AIDS journal.'
'A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States, where English is spoken.'
'Abilene regional airport serves the city of Abilene, Taylor County, Texas, United States.'
'Adirondack Regional Airport serves the cities of Lake Placid and Saranac Lake, New York. The airport has a runway length of 1219.0.'
'Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid. The runway name is 14L/32R and has a length of 4,100.'
'Agra Airport is located in India and is operated by the Indian Air Force. It has the ICAO location identifier of VIAG.'
'The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in Iraq which has a runway length of 3078.48.'
'Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which fought in the Korean War and the Invasion of Grenada.'
'The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase. They were involved in the Invasion of Grenada and Operation Enduring Freedom.'
'Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which fought in the Korean War and Operation Enduring Freedom.'
'Alderney is served by Alderney airport which has a runway length of 733.0. The surface of the 1st runway is made from poaceae.'
'Alpena County Regional Airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533.0. It is located in Wilson Township, Alpena county, Michigan.'
'Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam. The airport is -3.3528 above sea level and has a runway length of 3500.0.'
'Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. Houston is the largest city in Texas.'
'Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Angola and has a runway length of 4000.0.'
'Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Angola. The runway name is South Runway.'
'Antwerp International Airport is owned by the Flemish Region and operated by the government. It has an elevation of 12 metres above sea level.'
'Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp and is owned by the Flemish Region. The airport is operated by the "Flemish department of mobility and public works".'
'Appleton is part of Kimberly and Little Chute, Wisconsin. It is served by Appleton International Airport.'
'Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, part of Clayton, Winnebago County, Wisconsin, United States.'
'The surface of the third runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made from Poaceae which belongs to the order of Poales. Poaceae is a flowering plant.'
'Ashgabat International Airport is located in Ashgabatur and has an elevation of 211 metres above sea level. It has a runway length of 3800.0.'
'Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens which is in Greece. Alexis Tsipras is the leader of Greece.'
'Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. The runway name is 4/22.'
'Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium. The leader of the country is Philippe of Belgium.'
'The surface of the second runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made from Poaceae which belongs to the class Monocotyledon and the order of Commelinids.'
'Aaron Bertram is a member of the Suburban Legends band and the Kids Imagine Nation band. The musical genre of the band is pop music.'
'Indie rock musician Aaron Deer is from Indiana, United States.'
'Black metal musician Aaron Turner played with the bands Twilight and Greymachine.'
'Drone musician Aaron Turner played with the bands Twilight and Greymachine.'
'Black metal musician Aaron Turner played with the bands Twilight and Sumac.'
'Black metal musician Aaron Turner is a member of Sumac. Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal.'
'Aaron Turner plays the electric guitar and performs black metal music. Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal.'
'Abradab performs hip hop music which has a sub genre called Gangsta rap. Drum and bass is a derivative of Hip hop music.'
'Ace Wilder was born in Sweden and is a solo singer. He is signed to the record label Warner Music Group.'
'Guarania singer Agustin Barboza is signed to the record label of Philips Records.'
'Agustin Barboza was born in Asuncion, Paraguay on May 5th, 1913.'
'Blues musician Ahmet Ertegun is from Washington, D.C., United States.'
'NRBQ member Al Anderson, who started performing in 1966, was a member of The Wildweeds.'
'Alan Frew is a performer of rock music which originated from country and folk music.'
'Solo singer Albennie Jones was born in Errata, Mississippi and performs jazz music.'
'Albennie Jones performs jazz music which originated from blues music. Afrobeat is a musical fusion of jazz.'
'Aleksandra Kovac performs pop music and is associated with the musical artists Bebi Dol and Kornelije Kovac.'
'Rhythm and blues musician Aleksandra Kovač is associated with Bebi Dol and the K2 (Kovč sisters duo).'
'Rhythm and blues musician Aleksandra Kovac is associated with artists Bebi Dol and Kornelije Kovac.'
'Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, England and died in London.'
'Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, United Kingdom and died in London.'
'Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup, London. Boris Johnson is a leader in London.'
'Alfredo Zitarrosa is a solo singer whose musical genre is Zamba. He is signed to the RCA Records label.'
"Alison O'Donnell performs jazz music and is signed to the record label Static Caravan Recordings. Funk is a derivative of jazz."
'Allen Forrest was born in Fort Campbell, KY and raised in Dothan, AL. He has a background as a solo singer and performs acoustic music.'
'Anders Osborne is associated with the musical artists Billy Iuso and Tab Benoit. He plays with the band Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars.'
'Rock musician Anders Osborne is signed to the record labels Alligator Records and Okeh Records.'
'Rhythm and blues singer Andra is associated with the singer Puya and the band CRBL.'
'Rhythm and blues singer Andra is a solo singer. Disco is a derivative of rhythm and blues.'
'Andrew Rayel is associated with artists Jwaydan Moyine and Christian Burns, who performs house music.'
'Andrew Rayel is associated with Armin van Buuren, who performs house music. He is also associated with Jwaydan Moyine.'
'Alan Bean was a crew member of Apollo 12, which was operated by NASA and commanded by David Scott.'
'Alan Shepard died on 1998-07-21 in California, where Dianne Feinstein is a senator.'
'Buzz Aldrin, also known as Edwin E. Aldrin Jr., graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He was a crew member on Apollo 11.'
'Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and was a crew member of Apollo 11. He spent 52 minutes in space.'
'Alan Shepard, who died in California, was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy. Smilodon is a fossil found in California.'
'Elliot See, who was selected by NASA in 1962, died on February 28, 1966 in St. Louis.'
'Elliot See was born on July 23, 1927 in Dallas. He is now dead.'
'William Anders was born on October 17th, 1933 in British Hong Kong. He was a crew member of Apollo 8.'
'Aaron Boogaard was born in Regina, Saskatchewan and is 1.905m tall. He plays for Wichita Thunder.'
'Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen II and Vfl Wolfsburg. He was a member of the Goslarer SC 08 youth team.'
'Aaron Hunt, who played youth football for Goslarer SC 08, plays for VfL Wolfsburg and SV Werder Bremen.'
'Abel Hernandez, who played youth football for Central Espanol, plays for US Citta di Palermo and Penarol.'
'Ahmad Kadhim Assad is a member of the Iraq national football team and plays for Esteghlal Ahvaz F.C. which is managed by Adnan Hamad.'
'Akeem Ayers, whose former team is the Tennessee Titans, was number 39 in the draft round 2.'
'Akeem Ayers was number 39 in the draft pick and number 2 in round 2. He used to play for the St. Louis Rams.'
'Akeem Ayers, who made his debut for the Tennessee Titans, used to play for the St. Louis Rams. The Rams are based in the city of St Louis.'
'Akeem Dent was born on 27 September 1987 in Atlanta, Georgia. He made his debut for the Atlanta Falcons.'
'Akeem Priestley was born in Jamaica, a country led by Patrick Allen and Elizabeth II.'
'Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al Shorta SC and also for Al-Khor Sports Club, the ground of which, is in Al Khor.'
'Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Shabab Al-Ordon Club and also for Al Kharaitiyat SC. Al Khor is the home ground of AL Kharaiteat SC.'
'Alan Martin was born on 1 January 1989 and plays for Aldershot Town FC. He also plays for Crewe Alexandra FC.'
'Alan Martin, who was born on 1 January 1989, plays for Crewe Alexandra FC and Hamilton Academical FC.'
'Aleksander Barkov Jr was born in Tampere, Finland on September 2, 1995.'
'Aleksander Barkov Jr was born on September 2, 1995 and plays for the Florida Panthers.'
'Aleksander Barkov Jr was born in Tampere, Finland on September 2, 1995. He plays for the Florida Panthers.'
'Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 24 February 1989 and plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar and FC Dynamo Moscow.'
'Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 24 February 1989 and plays for FC Spartak Moscow and FC Kuban Krasnodar.'
"Aleksandre Guruli's club is Olympique Lyonnais whose home ground is the Parc Olympique lyonnais. He also plays for AZAL PFK."
"Alessio Romagnoli's club is A.C. Milan which is managed by Siniša Mihajlović. He also plays for UC Sampdoria."
'Alex Plante was born in Manitoba in 1989 and plays for Anyang Halla.'
'Alex Tyus plays in the Turkish Basketball Super League for Maccabi Ashdod B.C. which is coached by Zvi Sherf.'
'Alex Plante was born in Canada, the leader of which is Elizabeth II. The national anthem of Canada is O Canada.'
'Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow which is managed by Valery Petrakov. The club played in the 2014-15 Russian Premier League season.'
'Luis Miguel Ramis is the manager of Real Madrid Castilla, the football club Abner plays for. He also plays for Coritiba Football Club.'
'Akeem Adams plays for the Trinidad and Tobago national under 20 football team. He also plays for United Petrotrin F.C. whose ground is Palo Seco.'
'11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, the capital of which is Cape Town. Cyril Ramaphosa is the leader of South Africa.'
'11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where Jacob Zuma is a leader and coloured people are an ethnic group.'
'11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, a country led by Jacob Zuma. White South Africans are one of the ethnic groups of South Africa.'
'200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, United States. The leader of Cleveland is Frank G Jackson.'
'250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo, Erie County, New York.'
'300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, United States. Rahm Emanuel is the leader of Chicago.'
'HOK SVE designed the 3Arena which was completed in December 2008 and is located in Dublin.'
'The 3Arena in Dublin was designed by the Populous company and completed in December 2008.'
'3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment and is located in Dublin, Republic of Ireland.'
'Marriott International is a tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, Denmark, which was designed by the architects 3XN.'
'Adare Manor, owned by J.P. McManus, was designed by James Pain and completed in 1862.'
'Addis Ababa City Hall has a height of 42 metres and a floor area of 140000.0 square metres. The current tenants are the Government of the city.'
'Adisham Hall in Sri Lanka was completed in 1931 and has the Tudor Revival style of architecture.'
'The Akita Museum of Art was inaugurated on 28 September 2013. It has 3 floors, a floor area of 3746.66 square metres.'
'The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita which is part of Akita Prefecture, Japan.'
'Alan B. Miller Hall is owned by the College of William and Mary and was started on 30 March 2007. It is located in Virginia.'
'Robert Gates is chancellor of the College of William and Mary which owns the Alan B. Miller Hall in Virginia.'
'The Mason School of Business are tenants of the Alan B. Miller Hall in Virginia, United States.'
'The College of William and Mary is the owner of the Alan B. Miller Hall which is located in Williamsburg, Virginia. Construction of the building began on 30 March 2007.'
'Ampara Hospital has 476 beds and is located in Ampara District, Sri Lanka.'
'Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe.'
'Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was constructed in 1911 and is located on U.S. Route 83. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1988-11-22.'
'Asilomar Conference Grounds is located in Pacific Grove, California and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987 with the reference number 87000823.'
'Asser Levy Public Baths is located at Asser Levy Place and East 23rd Street. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980-04-23 with the reference number 80002709.'
'Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, Manhattan, United States.'
'Amdavad ni Gufa is located in India, where the leaders are T S Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan.'
'Discovered by Spacewatch, (410777) 2009 FD has an orbital period of 39447000.0 and a periapsis of 88234300000.0.'
'(66063) 1998 RO1 has a minimum temperature of -71.0 degrees Celsius, a maximum temperature of 500.0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 kilometres.'
'(66391) 1999 KW4 has an average speed of 37.16 km/s, a density of 2.0 grams per cubic centimetres, an apoapsis of 162164091.8388 kilometres.'
'The celestial body known as 1001 Gaussia, formerly known as 1923 OAA907 XC, has an epoch date of 27 June 2015 and a periapsis of 419113394.55312 kilometres.'
'101 Helena was discovered by James Craig Watson, a Canadian, who died in Madison, Wisconsin.'
'Walter Baade, a German national, studied at the University of Gottingen and discovered 1036 Ganymed.'
'103 Hera has a temperature of 170 kelvins, an escape velocity of 0.0482 km per sec, and an apoapsis of 437170000.0 kilometres.'
'103 Hera has a mass of 7.9kg, an escape velocity of 0.0482 km per sec, and an apoapsis of 437170000.0 km.'
'Discovered by E. Wells, 107 Camilla has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 and a periapsis of 479343000.0 kilometres.'
'107 Camilla has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 and was discovered by Nottingham born N.R. Pogson.'
'1097 Vicia has an epoch date of December 31st 2006. It has a periapsis of 279142000000.0 and an apoapsis is 511592000.0 kilometres.'
'1097 Vicia has an escape velocity of 0.0112 km per sec. It has a temperature of 171 kelvins and an apoapsis of 511592000.0 kilometres.'
'1099 Figneria has an escape velocity of 0.0155 km per sec. It has a temperature of 156 kelvins and an apoapsis of 605718000.0 kilometres.'
'The celestial body known as 10 Hygiea has a surface area of 837080.744 square kilometres, an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 kilometres, a temperature of 164.0 kelvins.'
'1101 Clematis has an epoch date of December 31st 2006. It has an orbital period of 183309000.0 and an apoapsis of 520906000 kilometres.'
'110 Lydia has an orbital period of 142603000.0, a periapsis of 377016000000.0 and an epoch date of December 31st 2006.'
'At 524 metres above sea level, Abilene, Texas, has a population density of 429.9 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 286.5 square kilometres.'
'Abilene is part of Texas, United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington, D.C.'
'Albany is part of Dougherty County, Georgia, United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.'
'Albany is part of both Benton and Linn counties in Oregon, United States.'
'Albuquerque, New Mexico, United States is led by Don Tripp and the New Mexico House of Representatives.'
'Albuquerque, New Mexico is in the United States and is led by the Albuquerque City Council which is chaired by Richard J. Berry.'
'Alpharetta is part of the state of Georgia in the United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.'
'Amarillo is part of both Potter County and Randall County, Texas, United States.'
'Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas, United States. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.'
'Amarillo is part of Randall County, Texas, United States. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.'
'Anaheim is part of Orange County, California, United States. Orange County is a part of the Greater Los Angeles area.'
'Anaheim is part of Orange County, California, United States. Anaheim is led by the United States House of Representatives.'
'Angola is part of Steuben County, Indiana, United States. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.'
'Atlanta has the area codes of 404, 678 and 470. It has a total area of 347.1 square kilometres and a population density of 1299.0 inhabitants per square kilometre.'
'Atlanta is part of Georgia in the United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.'
'Atlanta is part of DeKalb County, Georgia, United States.'
'Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama, United States.'
'Auburn is part of the state of Washington in the United States. Olympia is the capital of Washington.'
'Austin, Texas is in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. Americans live in the U.S.'
'Anderson is part of Madison County, Indiana, United States.'
'Alexandria is part of Madison County, Indiana, United States. Anderson is the largest city in Madison County.'
'Abilene is part of Jones County, Texas, United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington, D.C.'
'Abilene is part of Taylor County, Texas, United States. The capital of the United States is Washington, D.C.'
'Albany is part of Oregon, in the United States, the capital of which is Washington, D.C.'
'Auburn is part of King County, Washington, United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington, D.C.'
'Albuquerque, New Mexico is in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group and English is spoken.'
'Albany, Oregon is in the United States, where English is spoken and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.'
'Albuquerque, New Mexico is in the United States, where Barack Obama is the leader and Native Americans are an ethnic group.'
'Angola, Indiana is in the United States, where English is spoken and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.'
'Anaheim, California is led by the United States House of Representatives, which is located in the U.S. and is part of United States Congress.'
'The comic book character Auron was created by Walt Simonson and Karl Kesel, an American.'
'Tony Hall, Baron Hall of Birkenhead is a key person at the BBC which is located in London and broadcast the TV series Bananaman.'
'Bill Oddie starred in Bananaman which was broadcast by STV and first aired on 3 October 1983.'
'Baymax first appeared in the film Big Hero 6 and was created by Duncan Rouleau and Steven T Seagle.'
'Bo Bibbowski (full name Bibbo) was created by Jerry Ordway and Marv Wolfman.'
'The comic book character Blockbuster, also known as Roland Desmond, was created by Roger Stern and Tom Lyle.'
'Larry Bolatinsky is the alternative name for the comic character Bolt, which was created by Dan Mishkin and Ernie Colon.'
'Larry Bolatinsky is the alternative name for the comic character Bolt, which was created by Paris Cullins and Dan Mishkin.'
'AmeriGas is an energy company in the United States with an operating income of $380,700,000.'
'Chinabank was founded in the Insular Government of the Philippine Islands in Manila, Philippines.'
'GMA New Media is a media company in the entertainment industry that offers services in the World Wide Web.'
'GMA New Media is a mass media industry located in Quezon City, Philippines.'
'GMA New Media is a publicly traded company whose key person is Felipe Gozon. Its parent company is GMA Network.'
'Hypermarcas, founded on January 1, 2001, is an S.A. corporation with a net income of 108,600,000.'
'Hypermarcas has a revenue of 1800000000, a net income of 108,600,000 and employs 10,252 people.'
'Mantecorp is a subsidiary of Hypermarcas which was founded on January 1, 2001 and is located in Sao Paulo.'
'Trane, a subsidiary company, was founded in La Crosse, Wisconsin, a city with a total area of 58.38 square kilometers.'
'Trane, founded in La Crosse, Wisconsin, is located in Ireland, in Europe.'
'Trane has a revenue of 10264000000, a net income of $556,300,000 and employs 29,000 people.'
'Ajoblanco (also known as Ajo blanco) is a dish from Spain and includes bread as an ingredient.'
'Ajoblanco is a dish from Andalusia, Spain. It contains water.'
'Arem-arem is a food found in Indonesia, where Joko Widodo and Jusuf Kalla are leaders.'
'Arem-arem is a food found nationwide in Indonesia, but more specific to Java. The leader of Indonesia is Jusuf Kalla.'
'Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy, where Sergio Mattarella is the leader and the language spoken is Italian.'
'Chili pepper is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce which is a traditional dish from Rome, Italy.'
'Garlic is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce which is a traditional dish from Rome, Italy.'
'Arròs negre is a traditional dish from the Catalonia region of Spain. Squid is one of its ingredients.'
'Cuttlefish is an ingredient in Arros negre which is a traditional dish from the Valencian Community in Spain.'
'Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia. The main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce. The dish comes from the Sumatra and Malay Peninsula regions.'
'Ayam penyet is a dish from Malaysia and Java. The main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal.'
'Bacon Explosion comes from the United States. The main ingredients are sausage and bacon.'
'Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, where Native Americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is Washington DC.'
'Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, where Barack Obama is the leader and the capital city is Washington DC.'
'Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group and John Roberts is a political leader.'
'Condiments are ingredients in a bacon sandwich which is popular in the UK. BLT is a variation of the bacon sandwich.'
'Meringue is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which comes from France and New York.'
'Baked Alaska is a dish from New York, United States. Sponge cake is an ingredient in Baked Alaska.'
'Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which is a dessert. Cookies are also desserts.'
'Sandesh and Baked Alaska (which contains Christmas pudding) are both desserts.'
'Bandeja paisa is a Colombian dish from the Antioquia Department region. Kidney beans are an ingredient in Bandeja Paisa.'
'Barny Cakes come from France, where Gerard Larcher and Claude Bartolone are leaders.'
'Barny Cakes are made with apple and contain 1.8g of protein and 18g of carbs.'
'Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapore, where the leader is Halimah Yacob and the currency is the Singapore dollar.'
'Oyster sauce is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is popular in Indonesia and also in Singapore.'
'Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Indonesia and also in Singapore where Tony Tan is the leader.'
'Bhajji originates from India. The main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables.'
'Bhajji is a dish from India, a country led by T S Thakur and inhabited by the Indian people.'
'Bhajji is a dish from India, where the leaders are T S Thakur and Narendra Modi.'
'Bhajji is a dish from the Karnataka region. The main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables.'
'Binignit is a dish from the Philippines. The main ingredients are banana and sweet potato.'
'Sour cream is an ingredient in Bionico which is a dessert found in Mexico.'
'Bionico is a food found in the Jalisco region of Mexico. Raisins are an ingredient in Bionico.'
'Celery is a member of the genus Apium and the family of Apiaceae. It is an ingredient in Bakso.'
'Bionico, which contains granola, is a dessert. Cake is also a dessert.'
'Bakso is a dish from Indonesia, where Jusuf Kalla is the leader and the capital is Jakarta.'
'Ayam penyet is a dish from the Singapore region and Java. Baduy is an ethnic group in Java.'
'The Banyumasan people are an ethnic group in Java, the country where Ayam penyet is from. The dish is found nationwide and can also be found in Malaysia and Singapore.'
'Arròs negre is a traditional dish from Spain, where the leader is Felipe VI and the language spoken is Spanish.'
'The 1955 Dodge, also known as the Dodge Coronet, has a hardtop and a V8 engine.'
'The 1955 Dodge, also known as the Dodge Coronet, has a V8 engine, a 3-speed automatic transmission.'
'The A-Rosa Luna is classed as a cruise ship and is 125800.0 millimetres long. It was ordered on the 22nd of January 2004.'
'The AIDAstella is owned by Costa Crociere and operated by AIDA Cruises which is located in Germany.'
'The ALCO RS-3 was built by Montreal Locomotive Works and has 12 cylinders. It is 17068.8 millimetres long.'
'ALV X-1 hails from the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. Americans live in the U.S.'
'1974 is one of the model years of the AMC Matador which is assembled in Kenosha, Wisconsin and is related to the AMC Ambassador.'
'The AMC Matador, assembled in Port Melbourne, Victoria, is related to the AMC Ambassador and has a 1971 model year.'
'The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe was designed by Gruppo Bertone which was founded in Turin, Italy.'
'The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built at the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard in Finland. The people of Finland are known as Finns.'
'The Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Italy, is related to the Lancia Thema. The capital of Italy is Rome.'
'The Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Arese, is a related means of transport to the Fiat Croma and Lancia Thema.'
'The Alhambra is 63800.0 millimetres long and has a ship beam of 8.3m. It was wrecked.'
'The Alvis Speed 25 was manufactured by the Alvis Car and Engineering Company, which was founded in Coventry and succeeded by the Rover Co. The company is now defunct.'
'The AMC Matador is manufactured by American Motors, whose key person is Roy D Chapin Jr. Eagle is the successor to American Motors.'
'The Antares rocket was manufactured by the Yuzhnoye Design Office and launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. Its maiden flight was April 21st 2013.'
'The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) is from Argentina, where Mauricio Macri is the leader and the capital city is Buenos Aires.'
'The Aston Martin V8, assembled in Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, United Kingdom, has a 5.3 litre engine and is related to the Aston Martin RHAM/1.'
'The Aston Martin V8, assembled in Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, United Kingdom, has a 5.3 litre engine and is a related means of transport to the Aston Martin DBS.'
'The Aston Martin Virage was manufactured by Aston Martin and succeeded the Aston Martin V8. The Aston Martin RHAM/1 and the V8 are related means of transport.'
'Atlas II hails from the United States, where Native Americans are an ethnic group. The leader of the US is called the President.'
'The Audi A1 hatchback has a 1.2 litre engine and is assembled in Audi Brussels.'
'The Audi A1, manufactured by Audi, is a related means of transport to the Seat Ibiza and the Volkswagen Polo.'
'Caterpillar Inc. was founded in California and is located in Peoria, Illinois. The AIDAluna is powered by Caterpillar Inc.'
'Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person at Caterpillar Inc. which is located in the United States and provides the power for the AIDAluna.'
'The Ariane 5 was launched at ELA-3 which is located at the Guiana Space Centre which has its headquarters in Kourou, French Guiana.'
'The Ariane 5 was launched at ELA-3 which is located at the Guiana Space Centre in French Guiana.'
'ALV X-1 hails from the United States, where Americans live and White Americans are an ethnic group.'
'The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania, which has Franklin County to its west and Frederick County, Maryland to its southwest.'
"The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army who were killed in the Battle of Baku. It is located in Azerbaijan whose leader is Artur Rasizade."
'Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner designed the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial in Azerbaijan. The memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku.'
'Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner designed the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial in Azerbaijan. The leader of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade.'
'Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner designed the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial in Azerbaijan. The native name of the memorial is Turk Sehitleri Aniti.'
'Aaron S. Daggett was born in Maine and fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg. He was awarded the Purple Heart.'
'Ab Klink was born in the Netherlands and is a member of the Christian Democratic Appeal party. His alma mater is Erasmus University Rotterdam.'
'Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak, resides in the city and is a member of the Barisan Ra'ayat Jati sarawak party.'
'Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in Miri, Malaysia, resides in Sarawak and is a member of the Barisan Ra'ayat Jati sarawak party.'
'Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President. Oladipo Diya was the predecessor of Mike Akigbe, who was succeeded by Atiku Abubaka.'
'Abdulsalami Abubakar, who was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo, was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President. Oladipo Diya was the predecessor of Mike Akigbe.'
'Abdulsalami Abubakar, who served in the Nigerian Air Force, was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo, who was in office while Atiku Abubaka was Vice President.'
'Abel Caballero was born in Galicia, Spain and worked as Minister of Transport.'
'Abel Caballero was born in Galicia, Spain. He was in office during the reign of Monarch, Juan Carlos I of Spain, who was preceded by Francisco Franco.'
'Abner W. Sibal served in the United States Army and fought in World War II. Chiang Kai-Shek was a commander in that war.'
'Abraham A. Ribicoff, who was married to Chicago born Casey, worked as the United States Secretary of Health, Education and Welfare.'
'Adam Holloway was born in Kent and his alma mater is Magdalene College, Cambridge. He is a member of the Conservative Party in the UK.'
'Adam Koc fought in the Polish–Soviet War and was awarded the Order of Polonia Restituta and the Cross of Valour for Poland.'
'Adam Koc was born in Congress Poland and fought in the Polish–Soviet War, where Leon Trotsky was a commander.'
'Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece and worked as Minister for Health.'
'Radboud University Nijmegen alum and Socialist Party member Agnes Kant was born in West Germany.'
'Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendorf and studied at Radboud University Nijmegen. She worked at the House of Representatives in the Netherlands.'
'Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands where the leader is Mark Rutte. She worked at the House of Representatives in the Netherlands.'
'Airey Neave fought in the Battle of France and was awarded the Order of the British Empire. He retired on 30th March 1979.'
'Airey Neave, who fought in the Battle of France, began his career on March 4th 1974 and retired on 30th March 1979.'
'Airey Neave fought in World War II and was awarded the Military Cross. He retired on 30th March 1979.'
'Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island, United States and died in the New Mexico Territory.'
'Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst in the County of Tyrol and died in Graz.'
'Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, Tyrol and died in Graz.'
'Allan Shivers, a member of the Democratic Party in the United States, worked as a Member of the Texas State Senate District 4 for Port Arthur and was succeeded by Price Daniel.'
'Alvah Sabin was born on 23rd October 1793 in Georgia, Vermont. He worked as the Secretary of State of Vermont.'
'Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia, Vermont and was a member of the United States Whig Party. Daniel Webster was a leader of that party.'
'Alfred Moore Scales fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg, which was part of the American Civil War conflict. Abraham Lincoln was a commander in that war.'
'Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria-Hungary and died in Austria. The leader of Austria is Doris Bures.'
'Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst and died in Austria. The leader of Austria is Doris Bures.'
'Aaron S. Daggett fought in the Battle of Cold Harbor, which was part of the American Civil War conflict. Robert E. Lee was a commander in that war.'
'Adam Koc is a national of Poland, where Kashubians are an ethnic group. The language spoken in Poland is Polish.'
"A.C. Cesena's ground is in Cesena and they play in Serie B. They have 23900 members."
'Massimo Drago manages A.C. Cesena and plays for S.S.D. Potenza Calcio. He is also attached to the club CalCio Catania.'
'A.C. Lumezzane has 4150 members and played in the Lega Pro/A in 2014.'
'Estadio Jorge Calero Suárez is the home ground of A.D. Isidro Metapan which has 10000 members. Their full name is "Iridro Metapán".'
'The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece, the leaders of which are Nikos Voutsis and Prokopis Pavlopoulos.'
'The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer) who is attached to the club Drogheda United FC and plays for Runcorn FC Halton.'
'The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer) who plays for both Drogheda United and Stockport County F.C.'
'The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer) who plays for Irlam Town FC and KV Mechelen.'
'Association Football Club Fylde (abbreviated to A.F.C.Fylde) has 3180 members and its ground is located in Warton, FYlde.'
'A.S. Livorno Calcio are managed by Christian Panucci, who plays for Genoa C.F.C. and Real Madrid CFC.'
'The full name of A.S. Roma is Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. Their ground is in Rome, Italy and they have 70634 members.'
'AEK Athens F.C. play in the Superleague Greece and their ground is in Athens. They have 69618 members.'
'AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members and played in the 2014 season. They play in the Hoofdklasse league.'
"AZAL PFK's ground is the AZAL Arena and they play in the Azerbaijan Premier League, the champions of which are Qarabag FK."
'Alkmaar Zaanstreek (abbreviated to AZ) has 17023 members and played in the 2014 season.'
'John van den Brom manages the AZ Alkmaar and plays for Vitesse Arnhem and De Graafschap.'
"Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is the Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca and they play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league. Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions of Campeonte Brasileiras."
'Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league which is based in Brazil. Vila Nova Futebol Clube have been champions of Campeo Brasileir C.'
"Akron Summit Assault's ground is St. Vincent-St. Mary High School. They play in the Premier Development League, which was previously won by K-W United FC."
'Akron Summit Assault has 3000 members and play in the Premier Development League. K-W United FC have been champions of the league.'
'The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where Sergio Mattarella is the leader and the people are known as Italians.'
'The Olympic Stadium (Athens) is the home ground of AEK Athens FC. The mayor of Athens is Giorgos Kaminis.'
'The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Switzerland has 600 students and its dean is Mario Botta.'
'The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, India. Its motto is "Nurturing Excellence".'
'The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, India. Its president is B.M. Reddy.'
'The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and offers tennis as one of its sports offered. The governing body for tennis is the International Tennis Federation.'
'AWH Engineering College is located in India, where the largest city is Mumbai and the Ganges is a river.'
'The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania, a country led by Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis.'
'The patron saint of Romania is Andrew the Apostle. The country is the location of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University which has the latin name of "Universitas Apulensis".'
'The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff and 16,000 students.'
'1634: The Bavarian Crisis was written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint. It was put in print and has the ISBN number 978-1-4165-4253-7.'
'Eric Flint was born in Burbank, California and wrote 1634: The Bavarian Crisis which was preceded by 1634 The Baltic War.'
'1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint and has 512 pages. It is available as an E-book.'
'1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint and is available in hardcover. The ISBN number is 1-4165-2060-0.'
'1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint, Virginia DeMarce, et al. It has 512 pages and is available as an E-book.'
'ACM Transactions on Information Systems (abbreviated to ACM Trans. Inf. Syst.) covers the academic discipline of Computer Science. Its ISSN number is 1046-8188.'
'ACM Transactions on Information Systems (abbreviated to ACM Trans. Inf. Syst.) covers the academic discipline of Computer Science. Its ISSN number is 1558-2868.'
'The AIDS (journal) is published in the United Kingdom by Lippincott, Williams & Wilkins. The leader of the UK is Elizabeth II.'
'A.T. Charlie Johnson lives in the United States and is the editor of AIP Advances which is published by American Institute of Physics.'
'A.T. Charlie Johnson is the editor of AIP Advances which has the abbreviation of "AIP Adv." and the CODEN code of "AAIDBI".'
'A Glastonbury Romance, available in hardcover, has the ISBN number 0-7156-3648-0 and the OCLC number 76798317.'
'A Long Long Way was written in English which is spoken in Great Britain. The book was followed by The Secret Scripture.'
'A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group.'
'A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States, where Barack Obama is the leader.'
'A Severed Wasp was put in print and has the OCLC number 8805735 and the Library of Congress Classification PS3523.E55 S4 1982.'
'A Severed Wasp has 388 pages and is available in print with the ISBN number 0-374-26131-8.'
'Diane Duane is the author of A Wizard of Mars which is available in hardcover and has the OCLC number 318875313.'
'A Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane and is available in hardcover. The ISBN number is 978-0-15-204770-2.'
'Aenir was preceded by the novel Castle and followed by Above the Veil which is from Australia.'
'Acta Mathematica Hungarica (abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar.) has the ISSN number 1588-2632 and the LCCN number 83646315.'
'The Acta Mathematica Hungarica (abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar.) covers the academic discipline of Math and has the ISSN number 0236-5294.'
'The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica (abbreviated Acta palaeontol. Pol.) has the ISSN number 1732-2421 and the LCCN number 60040714.'
'Addiction (journal) is abbreviated to Addiction and has the ISSN number 0965-2140.'
'Aenir was written by Garth Nix and is available in print with the OCLC number 45644811.'
'Aenir was written by Garth Nix and is available in print with the ISBN number 0-439-17684-0.'
'The American Journal of Mathematics (abbreviated to Am. J. Math.) covers the academic discipline of Math and has the ISSN number 1080-6377.'
'The American Journal of Mathematics (Am. J. Math.) was first published in 1878 and has the ISSN number 1080-6377.'
'Sara Miller McCune founded SAGE Publications which is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly (abbreviated to Admin. Sci. Q).'
'The AIDS (journal) is published by Lippincott, Williams & Wilkins in the United Kingdom. The leader of the UK is David Cameron.'
'A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States, where Barack Obama is the leader and African Americans are an ethnic group.'
'Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States, where English is spoken and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.'
'With a runway length of 1121.0, Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilen, Texas, United States.'
'ENAIRE is the operating organisation for Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport in Alcobendas, Spain. ENAIRE is located in the city of Madrid.'
'Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas and is operated by ENAIRE. The runway name is 18R/36L and has a length of 3500.0.'
'At 167.94 metres above sea level, Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand.'
'Ram Naik is the leader of Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand and is the location of Agra Airport.'
'The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase. They were involved in the 1986 United States bombing of Libya and deploy the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon aircraft fighter and the Lockheed AC-130 on their aircraft carriers.'
'The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase. They were involved in Operation Enduring Freedom and deploy the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon aircraft fighter and the Lockheed AC-130 on their aircraft carriers.'
'The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase. They were involved in Operation Enduring Freedom and deploy the Lockheed AC-130 on their aircraft carriers. They also deploy the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle fighter aircraft.'
'The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase. They were involved in the Invasion of Grenada and deploy the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon aircraft fighter and the Lockheed AC-130 on their aircraft carriers.'
'Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan, which is led by the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab. The airport is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority, headquartered at Jinnah International Airport.'
'Alpena, Michigan is served by Alpena County Regional Airport. The airport is located in Maple Ridge Township, in the county. It has a runway length of 1533.0 and is 210 metres above sea level.'
'Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is -3.3528 above sea level and serves the city of Amsterdam. The runway name is 06/24 Kaagbaan and has a length of 2014.0.'
'Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. The people of Texas speak English and are known as Texans.'
'Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. The people of Texas are known as Texans and Spanish is spoken there.'
'Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. The capital of Texas is Austin and the largest city is Houston.'
'Angola International Airport is located in Icolo e Bengo, Luanda Province, Angola. The airport is 159 metres above sea level.'
'Antwerp International Airport is owned by the Flemish Region and operated by the government. The airport is 12 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600.0.'
'Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, part of Ellington, Wisconsin. The airport serves Appleton, which is part of Little Chute, Wisconsin.'
'Ardmore Airport in New Zealand is 34 meters above sea level. The 3rd runway is made from Poaceae and has a length of 518.0. The runway name is 07/25.'
'Ardmore Airport in New Zealand is 34 meters above sea level. The runway name is 03L/21R and has a length of 1411.0. The third runway is made from Poaceae.'
'Turkmenistan Airlines is the operating organisation for Ashgabat International Airport which is located 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2989.0.'
'The Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey. It is 23 meters above sea level. The runway name is 4/22 and has a length of 3048.0.'
'ENAIRE is the operating organisation for Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport in San Sebastian de los Reyes, Madrid, Spain.'
'With a runway length of 3048.0, Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States.'
'The surface of the second runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made from Poaceae. Poaceae belongs to the class Monocotyledon and the order of Commelinids. It is a flowering plant.'
'Ska punk musician Aaron Bertram is a member of the Kids Imagine Nation band. He played with the Suburban Legends band, which has trombonist Brian Robertson as a member.'
'Aaron Deer is a solo singer from Indianapolis, Indiana. He performs Psychedelia music.'
'Aaron Turner started performing in 1995 and performs electroacoustic music. He played with Old Man Gloom and Lotus Eaters.'
'Post-metal musician Aaron Turner started performing in 1995. He played with the bands Twilight and Lotus Eaters.'
'Post-metal musician Aaron Turner started performing in 1995. He played with the bands Twilight and Old Man Gloom.'
'Electric guitarist, Aaron Turner, played with the band Twilight. His musical genre is black metal, a musical fusion of which, is death metal.'
'Singer, Aaron Turner, is a member of Mamiffer. His musical genre is black metal, a musical fusion of which, is death metal.'
'Ace Wilder was born on July 23, 1982 in Stockholm. He is a solo singer.'
'Guarania singer Agustin Barboza was born in Asuncion, Paraguay.'
'NRBQ band member Al Anderson was born in Windsor, Connecticut and started performing in 1966. He was a member of The Wildweeds.'
'Alan Frew is a performer of rock music which originated from blues music and has its stylistic origins in folk music. The music Bhangra is part of the fusion genre, partly coming from Rock music.'
'Rhythm and blues singer Albennie Jones was born 1914 in the United States.'
'Albennie Jones is a rhythm and blues solo singer. Rhythm and blues originated from blues music and is the origin of disco.'
'Aleksandra Kovac was born in Belgrade in 1972. She is a solo singer and performs pop music.'
'Aleksandra Kovac was born in 1972 in the Socialist Republic of Serbia. She is a solo singer and performs pop music.'
'Aleksandra Kovac was born in Belgrade in 1972. She is a solo singer whose musical genre is rhythm and blues.'
'Alex Day started performing electronic music in 2006 and is associated with the musical artist Charlie McDonnell. He plays with the band Chameleon Circuit.'
'Solo singer Alex Day is a performer of Synthpop which has its origins in pop music and is a derivative of house music.'
"Folk musician Alison O'Donnell began performing in 1963 and is associated with the bands Mellow Candle and Head South By Weaving."
"Jazz musician Alison O'Donnell is signed to the record labels Fruits de Mer Records and Deram Records which is located in London."
'Rock musician Anders Osborne is associated with the musical artists Billy Iuso and Tab Benoit and the band Galactic.'
'Rock musician Anders Osborne is associated with artists Billy Iuso and Tab Benoit. He is a member of the band Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars.'
'Trance musician Andrew Rayel is associated with Bobina and Christian Burns. Trance has its origins in pop music.'
'Trance musician Andrew Rayel began his career in 2009 and is associated with Christian Burns and Jonathan Mendelsohn.'
'Trance musician Andrew Rayel is associated with artists Jwaydan Moyine and John Digweed. Trance has its origins in pop music.'
'The musician, Andrew White, began his musical career in 2003 and is signed to the record label Polydor Records. He plays with the band Kaiser Chiefs and is associated with Marry Banilow.'
'Agustin Barboza died in Asuncion, Paraguay, which is part of Gran Asunción. The leader of Paraguay is Juan Afara.'
'Andrew Rayel is associated with artists: Armin van Buuren, Bobina, Mark Sixma, Jonathan Mendelsohn, Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano, Alexandre Bergheau, Jonny Rose, Sylvia Tosun, Lira Yin, and Alexandra Badoi. He is also associated with Christian Burns, who performs house music.'
'Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, Greater Manchester, England. The leader of Manchester is the Labour Party (UK).'
'Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay. The leader of Uruguay is Tabare Vazquez and the people are known as Uruguayans.'
'Alan Bean is a United States national who served as a crew member on the Apollo 12 mission operated by NASA. The commander of Apollo 12 was David Scott.'
'Alan Shepard was born on November 18th, 1923 in New Hampshire. He graduated from NWC with an M.A. in 1957 and retired on August 1st, 1974.'
'Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He was a test pilot.'
'Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and served as a test pilot. He was a crew member of Apollo 14 which was operated by NASA.'
'Alan Bean served as a crew member of Apollo 12, which was operated by NASA. The backup pilot was Alfred Worden and the commander was David Scott.'
'Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, Essex County, New Jersey, United States. Joe Biden is the leader of the United States.'
'Elliot See was born on July 23, 1927 in Dallas. He attended the University of Texas at Austin and died in St. Louis.'
'Elliot See graduated from the University of Texas at Austin and served as a test pilot. He died on February 28, 1966 in St. Louis.'
'Elliot See graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, which is affiliated to the university of texas system. He died in St Louis, which was part of the Kingdom of France.'
'Elliot See was born on July 23, 1927 in Dallas. He died on February 28, 1966 in St. Louis.'
'William Anders, who retired on 1969-09-01, was a crew member of Apollo 8 along with backup pilot Buzz Aldrin and commander Frank Borman.'
"Abel Hernandez's youth club was Central Espanol and he plays for Penarol. He also plays for Hull City A.F.C. which is managed by Steve Bruce."
'Abel Hernandez, who played youth football for Penarol, is a member of the club U.S. Città di Palermo. The club is managed by Giuseppe Iachini and play in Serie A.'
"Adam McQuaid's draft team was the Columbus Blue Jackets who are based in the city of Columbus, Ohio. He plays for the Boston Bruins who are managed by Don Sweeney."
'Akeem Ayers was born on July 10th, 1989. He made his debut for the Tennessee Titans and later played for the New England Patriots.'
'Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia on 27 September 1987. He used to play for the Houston Texans.'
'Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Shabab Al-Ordon Club and Al Kharaitiyat SC. The latter club is located in Al Khor and is managed by Amar Osim.'
'Alan Martin is a footballer for the Accrington Stanley F.C. club which is located in Accrington. He also plays for Clyde FC which is managed by Barry Ferguson.'
'Alan Martin was born on 1 January 1989 and is 185.42 cm tall. He played football for Crewe Alexandra FC and Hamilton Academical FC.'
'Alan Martin is a footballer for Motherwell FC who play their home games at Fir Park. He also plays for Clyde FC which is managed by Barry Ferguson.'
"Aleksandre Guruli's club is FC Samtredia who play their home games at the Erosi Manjgaladze stadium. He also plays for FC Dinamo Batumi which is managed by Levan Khomeriki."
'Aleksandre Guruli is a member of the Olympique Lyonnais club and plays for FC Karpaty Lviv. Olympique is chaired by Jean-Michel Aulas and play their home games at the Parc Olympique Lonnais.'
'Alex Plante was born on May 9, 1989 in Brandon, Manitoba. He plays for Anyang Halla.'
'Alex Plante was born in Canada, the leader of which is Elizabeth II. The national anthem of Canada is O Canada and one of the ethnic groups are the Black Canadians.'
'Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada, a country led by Elizabeth II. Slavey is one of the languages spoken in Canada and the national anthem is O Canada.'
'Alan Martin plays for Barrow AFC and Clyde F.C. The latter club is managed by Barry Ferguson and play their home games at Broadwood Stadium.'
"Aleksandre Guruli's club is FC Samtredia who play their home games at the Erosi Manjgaladze stadium. He also plays for FC Karpaty Lviv which is managed by Oleh Luzhny."
'Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow which is managed by Valery Petrakov and chaired by Aleksandr Tukmanov. The club played in the 2014-15 Russian Premier League season.'
'Akeem Dent made his debut for the Atlanta based Atlanta Falcons. He later played for the Houston Texans who are owned by Bob McNair.'
'Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen II and is in the Bundesliga. Viktor Skrypnyk is the manager of the club.'
'11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, the capital of which is Cape Town. The leader of South Africa is Cyril Ramaphosa and one of the ethnic groups are the Asian South Africans.'
'11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where Asian South Africans and White South Africans are ethnic groups. The capital of South Africa is Cape Town.'
'200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio. The governing body of Cleveland is Cleveland City Council.'
'Construction of 250 Delaware Avenue, which has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843.8 square metres, began in January 2014. The building has a postmodern style of architecture.'
'300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, DuPage County, Illinois, United States. Susana Mendoza is the leader of Chicago.'
'3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment and is located in Dublin, Republic of Ireland. Criona Ni Dhalaigh is the leader of Dublin.'
'3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment and is located in Dublin, Republic of Ireland. Criona Ni Dhalaigh is the leader of Dublin.'
'The AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen, Denmark is owned by Bella Center and has 23 floors. Marriott International is a tenant of the hotel.'
'The AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, owned by Bella Center, has 23 floors and was designed by 3XN. Marriott International is a tenant of the hotel.'
'Construction of Adisham Hall in Sri Lanka began in 1927 and was completed in 1931. The building has the architectural style of "Tudor and Jacobean".'
'Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka. The capital of Sri Lanka is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and the language spoken is Tamil.'
'Construction of Adisham Hall in Sri Lanka began in 1927 and was completed in 1931. The building has the Tudor Revival style of architecture.'
'Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita which is part of Akita Prefecture, Japan. The Filipinos are an ethnic group in Japan.'
'Robert A.M. Stern designed the Alan B. Miller Hall in Virginia, United States. The current tenants are the Mason School of Business.'
'The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B. Miller Hall, Virginia, United States. The building was completed on 1 June 2009.'
'Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, India. The leaders of India are Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan.'
'Amdavad ni Gufa is located at Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, near CEPT University, opp. Gujarat University, University Road, Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India.'
'Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. The leader of India is T S Thakur.'
'Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe and the currency used is the Sri Lankan rupee.'
'Julia Morgan was born in San Francisco and designed many significant buildings, including the Asilomar Conference Grounds, the Los Angeles Herald Examiner building, and the grounds of Asilmar State Beach.'
'Julia Morgan was born in California and designed many significant buildings including the Los Angeles Herald Examiner building, the Riverside Art Museum and the Asilomar Conference Grounds.'
'Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, Manhattan, United States. New York is part of New Netherland.'
'103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin, born in Birmingham, which has the B postcode. Labour politician John Clancy is the leader of Birmingham.'
'Mulatu Teshome is the leader of Ethiopia which is the location of Addis Ababa City Hall. The city is home to the Addis Aabba Stadium and Addis Adaba City hall.'
'250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, the capital of which is Washington, D.C. Paul Ryan is a leader in the U.S. which is led by the President.'
'(19255) 1994 VK8 has an orbital period of 8788850000.0, a periapsis of 6155910000000.0 and a mass of 5.6kg. Its epoch date is 2006-12-31.'
'(19255) 1994 VK8 has an orbital period of 8788850000.0, a periapsis of 6155910000000.0 and an escape velocity of 0.0925 km per sec. Its epoch date is 31 December 2006.'
'(66063) 1998 RO1 has an orbital period of 360.29 days, an escape velocity of 0.0999 km per sec, an epoch date of 2013-11-04, and an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 kilometres.'
'(66063) 1998 RO1 has a mean temperature of 265.0 kelvins, an orbital period of 360.29 days, an epoch date of 2013-11-04, and an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 kilometres.'
'Sergey Belyavsky discovered 1001 Gaussia which was formerly known as 1923 OAA907 XC. It has an epoch date of 27 June 2015 and a periapsis of 419113394.55312 kilometres.'
'101 Helena was discovered by James Craig Watson, a Canadian, who died in Madison, Wisconsin. 101 Helena has an epoch date of December 31st 2006.'
'1036 Ganymed was discovered by Walter Baade, who was born in the German Empire. He studied at the University of Gottingen and died in Göttingen.'
'Halton Arp was a doctoral student of Walter Baade, who was born in Preussisch Oldendorf and studied at the University of Gottingen. Baade discovered 1036 Ganymed.'
'103 Hera has an epoch date of August 27th 2011 and was discovered by James Craig Watson, a Canadian, who died in Madison, Wisconsin.'
'103 Hera was discovered by James Craig Watson, a Canadian, who died of peritonitis in Madison, Wisconsin.'
'Discovered by E Wells, 107 Camilla has an epoch date of December 31st 2006. It has a periapsis of 479343000.0 kilometres and an apoapsis is 560937000.0 (kilometres).'
'N.R. Pogson was born in Nottingham and died in Chennai. He discovered 107 Camilla on March 1st, 2001.'
'1097 Vicia has an orbital period of 135589000.0, a periapsis of 279142000000.0 and a mass of 9.8kg. Its epoch date is 2006-12-31.'
'1099 Figneria has an orbital period of 179942000.0, a periapsis of 349206000000.0 and a mass of 2.7kg. Its epoch date is 31 December 2006.'
'Abilene is part of Texas, United States. English is spoken in Texas. The capital of the United States is Washington, D.C.'
'Albany is part of the state of Georgia in the United States. Americans live in the U.S. where African Americans are an ethnic group.'
'Albany is part of the state of Georgia in the United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S. where English is spoken.'
'Albany is part of Oregon in the United States. The capital of Oregon is Salem and African Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.'
'Albuquerque, New Mexico has the area codes of 505 and 575. It has a population density of 1142.3 inhabitants per square kilometre, a total area of 490.9 sq. km. and a land area of 486.2 square kilometres.'
'Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas, United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington, D.C.'
'Led by the California State Assembly, Anaheim, is part of Orange County, which is in the Greater Los Angeles area, in California, United States.'
'Angola is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, Indiana, United States. Angola has a total area of 16.55 square kilometres.'
'Angola is part of Steuben County, Indiana, United States. Americans live in the U.S. and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the country.'
'Antioch, California has a UTC offset of -7. It has a population of 102372, an area code of 925 and a total area of 75.324 square kilometres.'
'Attica is part of Logan Township, Fountain County, Indiana. It has a total area of 4.14 square kilometres and a population density of 783.1 inhabitants per square kilometre.'
'Attica is part of Logan Township, Fountain County, Indiana, United States. It has a population density of 783.1 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 4.14 square kilometres.'
'Attica is part of Fountain County, Indiana, United States. It has a population density of 783.1 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 4.14 square kilometres.'
'Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama, United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.'
'Auburn is part of Pierce County, Washington, United States. Auburn has a total area of 77.41 square kilometres.'
'Auburn is part of Pierce County, Washington, United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington, D.C.'
'Auburn is part of both King and Pierce counties in Washington, United States. The capital of the United States is Washington DC.'
'Austin, Texas has a population density of 1296.65 inhabitants per square kilometre. It has a total area of 703.95 square kilometres, of which 686.0 square kilometres is land. The area code for Austin is 512.'
'Antioch is part of Contra Costa County in the San Francisco Bay Area of California. Spanish is spoken in California.'
'Anderson is part of Adams Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States. Indianapolis is the capital of Indiana.'
'Anderson is part of Lafayette Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States. Indianapolis is the capital of Indiana.'
'Albany is part of Linn County, Oregon, United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington, D.C. and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the country.'
'Akron is part of Summit County, Ohio, United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington, D.C. and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the country.'
'Albany is part of Dougherty County, Georgia, in the United States, where Americans live and Native Americans are an ethnic group.'
'Akron, Summit County, Ohio is in the United States, where Americans live and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.'
'Angola is part of Steuben County, Indiana, United States, where English is spoken. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.'
'Anaheim, California is led by the United States House of Representatives, which is part of the U.S. Congress. The English language is spoken in that country.'
'Bananaman was broadcast by STV and first aired on 3 October 1983. It was created by Steve Bright and starred Tim Brooke-Taylor.'
'Larry Bolatinsky is the alternative name for the comic character Bolt, which was created by Dan Mishkin and the Puerto Rican national Ernie Colon.'
'Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 which stars Damon Wayans Jr. and was created by the American, Duncan Rouleau.'
'Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 which stars Jamie Chung. The creator of Baymax is the American, Duncan Rouleau.'
'Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 which stars Maya Rudolph. The creator of Baymax is the American, Duncan Rouleau.'
'AmeriGas is located in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania which is in the North American Eastern Time Zone. AmeriGas works in the United States which has a total area of 9833516.63 square kilometres.'
'AmeriGas is located in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania, United States. The United States was founded on July 4, 1776 and has a total area of 9833516.63 square kilometres.'
'Chinabank was founded on 08-16-1920 and has 295 banking centers with 5594 employees. Chinabank has a net income of 15100000000.'
'Philippine Entertainment Portal is a subsidiary of GMA New Media, which is located in Quezon City and offers services in the entertainment industry, including making web sites.'
'GMA New Media, located in the GMA Network Center in the Philippines, produces mobile applications. Felipe Gozon is a key person at the company.'
'Hypermarcas, founded on January 1, 2001, is an S.A. corporation in the pharmaceutical industry. Its key person is the CEO.'
'Hypermarcas, which produces drugs, is located in Sao Paulo, Brazil. The leader of Brazil is known as the President of the Supreme Federal Court.'
'Hypermarcas is located in Sao Paulo and employs 10,252 people. They produce healthcare products and have a revenue of $1,800,000,000.'
'Ajoblanco is a dish from Andalusia, Spain. The main ingredients are bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil.'
'Ajoblanco (also known as Ajo blanco) is a dish from Andalusia, Spain. It contains water.'
'Compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings are the main ingredients of Arem-arem which is a dish from the Javanese cuisine. Lemper is a variation of the dish.'
'Arem-arem is a main course dish from Indonesia, but more specific to Java. The main ingredients are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.'
'Arrabbiata is a traditional sauce from Rome, Italy. The main ingredients are tomatoes, red chili, garlic, olive oil and chili pepper.'
'Arròs negre is a traditional dish from the Catalonia region of Spain. The main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers.'
'Arròs negre is a traditional dish from the Catalonia region of Spain. The main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers.'
'Arròs negre is a traditional dish from the Valencian Community in Spain. The main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers.'
'Asam pedas, also known as Asam padeh, is a food found in Malaysia. The main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce. It is from the Sumatra and Malay Peninsula regions.'
'Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia and Sumatra. The Minangkabau people are an ethnic group in Sumatra and the Malaysian Malay are the ethnic group of Malaysia.'
'Bacon Explosion is a dish from the Kansas City metropolitan area of the United States. The main ingredients are bacon and sausage.'
'Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, where Paul Ryan is a political leader and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. The capital of the country is Washington, D.C.'
"The BLT is a variation of the bacon sandwich which originates from the United Kingdom. It's also known as a bacon butty, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin. One of its ingredients is bacon."
'The BLT is a variation of the bacon sandwich which is popular in the UK. Brown sauce is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich. Other names for the sandwich include: bacon butty, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm and bacon muffin.'
'Bacon sandwiches are popular in the UK. The main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon and a condiment, often ketchup or brown sauce. Other names for the sandwich include: bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm and bacon muffin.'
'The main ingredients of Baked Alaska are meringue, ice cream and sponge cake (or Christmas pudding). The dish is popular in France, the United States and Hong Kong. It is also popular in Paris, New York and China.'
'The main ingredients of Baked Alaska are meringue, ice cream and sponge cake (or Christmas pudding). The dish originates from the United States and is popular in Paris, New York and Hong Kong.'
'Frangipane is an ingredient in bakewell tart which is a variation of bakewell pudding. It is a dish from the Derbyshire Dales region, which is part of Derbysland.'
'Bakewell tart is a variation of Bakewell pudding which is a dessert from the Derbyshire Dales region. The main ingredients of bakewell pudding are ground almond, jam, butter and eggs.'
'Shortcrust pastry is an ingredient in bakewell tart which is a variation of bakewell pudding. The dish originates from the Derbyshire Dales region of Derbysland.'
'Bandeja paisa is a Colombian dish from the Paisa region. The main ingredients are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon.'
'Batagor is a dish from Indonesia. The main ingredients are fried fish dumplings, tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce. Siomay is a variation of batagor.'
'Batagor is a dish from Indonesia. It is a variation of Shumai, which contains shiitake mushrooms. Siomay is another variation of shumai.'
'Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients in the dish Beef kway Teow. The dish is popular in Indonesia and is also found in Singapore.'
'Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients in the dish Beef kway Teow. The dish is popular in Indonesia and is also found nationwide in Singapore.'
'Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients in the dish Beef kway Teow. The dish is popular in Indonesia and also in Singapore.'
'Bhajji (also known as Bhaji or bajji) is a dish from India. The main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables.'
'Bhajji is a dish from the Karnataka region of India. Vajubhai Vala is the leader of Karnataka. Narendra Modi is a leader in India.'
'Bhajji is a dish from the Karnataka region of India. Vajubhai Vala and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders in Karnataka.'
'Bhajji is a dish from the Karnataka region of India. The leaders of India are T S Thakur and Narendra Modi.'
'Binignit is a dish from the Visayas region of the Philippines. The main ingredients are coconut milk and sweet potato.'
'Bionico is a food found in Guadalajara, Mexico. The main ingredients are chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins.'
'Enrique Pena Nieto is the leader of Mexico, where Bionico is a dessert. Sandesh is also a dessert.'
'Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia, where the Indonesian language is spoken. The dish Bakso is a Chinese dish from Indonesia.'
'Amatriciana sauce is a traditional Italian sauce. The capital of Italy is Rome and the language spoken is Italian. Laura Boldrini is the leader of Italy.'
'Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella are leaders in Italy, the capital of which is Rome. Amatriciana sauce is a traditional Italian sauce.'
'The Banyumasan people are an ethnic group in Java, where the dish Ayam penyet is from. The dish is also from Singapore, where English is spoken.'
'The Banyumasan people are an ethnic group in Java, where the dish ayam penyet is found. The dish originates from the Singapore region, where Halimah Yacob is a leader.'
'The Zamboangans and the Chinese Filipino are ethnic groups in the Philippines, where the spoken language is Philippine Spanish and batchoy is eaten.'
'Arròs negre is a traditional dish from Spain, where the leader is Felipe VI and the currency is the euro. Spaniards are an ethnic group from Spain.'
'The 1955 Dodge, manufactured by Dodge, has a V8 engine, a 3-speed automatic transmission and a wheelbase of 120 inches.'
'The 1955 Dodge and the DeSoto Custom are related means of transportation. The latter car was manufactured by DeSato and was succeeded by the Desoto Firedome. Chrysler Newport and the Dodge are also connected.'
'The AIDAluna, powered by Caterpillar Inc., has a ship beam of 32.2 and is 252000.0 millimetres long. Its maiden voyage was on the 22nd of March, 2009.'
'The AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft and is owned by Costa Crociere. It is 253260.0 millimetres long and has a ship beam of 32.2.'
'The AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft and is 253260.0 millimetres long. It is owned by Costa Crociere and operated by AIDA Cruises.'
'The AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft and is 253260.0 millimetres long. It is in service and is operated by AIDA Cruises.'
'The ALCO RS-3 was built between May 1950 and August 1956 by the American Locomotive Company. It has a V12 engine and is 17068.8 millimetres long.'
'The AMC Matador is a station wagon with a AMC V8 engine and is assembled in Thames, New Zealand. It is also known as the American Motors Matador.'
'The AMC Matador is a mid-size car with a AMC straight-6 engine and is assembled in Thames, New Zealand. It is also known as the American Motors Matador.'
'The AMC Matador, or VAM Classic, is a full-size car assembled in Port Melbourne, Victoria. It has an AMC straight-6 engine.'
'The AMC Matador is a station wagon with a AMC V8 engine and is assembled in Thames, New Zealand. It has the alternative name of VAM Classic.'
'The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe is a two door model with a straight-four engine and a wheelbase of 2160 millimetres. It was last manufactured in 1958.'
'The Acura TLX is classed as a luxury vehicle and is assembled at the Marysville Auto Plant. It has a front engine design and a Honda K engine.'
'The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built at the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard in Finland. It is 99.83 metres long and has a 21.2m ship beam.'
'The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built at the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard in Finland. It has a ship beam of 21.2 and is in service.'
'The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in Helsinki, Finland. It has a ship beam of 21.2 and is in service.'
'The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in Helsinki, Finland. The leaders of Finland are Sauli Niinisto and Juha Sipila.'
'The Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Italy, has a straight-four engine and is a related means of transport to the Saab 9000 and the Lancia Thema.'
'The Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Italy, has a straight-four engine and is a related means of transport to the Fiat Croma and Lancia Thema.'
'The AMC Matador was manufactured by American Motors which was succeeded by Eagle. Roy D Chapin Jr. is a key person at American Motors, which was acquired by Chrysler.'
'The American submarine NR-1 was launched on January 25, 1969. It has a top speed of 8.334 km/h, a ship beam of 3.8m, a length of 45000.0 millimetres.'
'The Antares rocket was manufactured by the Yuzhnoye Design Office and launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport. Its maiden flight was April 21st 2013 and its final flight was 2014-10-28.'
'The Aston Martin V8, assembled in the United Kingdom, has a 5.3 litre engine and is a related means of transport to the Aston Martin DBS and Aston Martin RHAM/1.'
'The Audi A1 hatchback has a 1.2 litre engine and a 5 speed manual transmission. It is assembled in Audi Brussels.'
'The Audi A1 is manufactured by Audi which was founded by August Horch. Ducati is a subsidiary of Audi which has a division called Audi e-tron.'
'AIDAluna, owned by AIDA Cruises, has a Caterpillar Inc. engine. Caterpillar, Inc. was founded in California and is located in Rostock.'
'Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person at Caterpillar Inc. which was founded in the United States and is located in Illinois. The power type of the AIDAluna is Caterpillar, Inc.'
'The Delta II, from the United States, was launched at the Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2 and Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. The Antares rocket is comparable to Delta II.'
'General Dynamics is the parent company of the General Dynamics Electric Boat which was built in Groton, Connecticut. The American submarine NR-1 has a 3.8m ship beam.'
'The A-Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft which is located in Rostock, Germany. Andreas Vosskuhle is the leader of Germany.'
'ALV X-1 hails from the United States, where the capital city is Washington DC and the national anthem is the Star Spangled Banner. White Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.'
'The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Gettysburg, Adams County, Pennsylvania. To the north east of Adams County lies Cumberland County and to the southeast lies Carroll County, Maryland.'
'The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is categorised as a contributing property and is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. To the west of Adams County lies Franklin County and to the southeast lies Carroll County, Maryland.'
"The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army who were killed in the Battle of Baku. It was designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner. The memorial is located in Azerbaijan, the capital of which is Baku."
"The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan, the capital of which is Baku. The leader of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade and the legislature is the National Assembly."
'Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaijan, the location of the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial which is made from red granite and white marble. The memorial is dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army who were killed in the Battle of Baku.'
"The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army who were killed in the Battle of Baku. It is located in Azerbaijan, a country led by Prime Minister Artur Rasizade."
'Aaron S. Daggett was born in Maine and died in West Roxbury. He fought in the American Civil War and was awarded the Purple Heart.'
'Aaron S. Daggett was born in Maine and died in West Roxbury. He fought in the Battle of the Wilderness and was awarded the Purple Heart.'
'Stellendam born Ab Klink attended Leiden University and worked as a Member of the House of Representatives. He is a member of the Christian Democratic Appeal party.'
'Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri, Malaysia and resides in Kuching. He represented Asajaya and is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu.'
'Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu member Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and resides in Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching. He represented Kota Samarahan.'
'Adenan Satem was born during the Japanese occupation of British Borneo and succeeded Abdul Taib Mahmud, who lives in Kuching and is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu.'
'Adenan Satem, born in British Borneo, was the successor of Abdul Taib Mahmud, who lives in Sarawak and is a member of the Barisan Ra'ayat Jati sarawak party.'
'Abel Caballero was born in Spain and was in office while Felipe Gonzalez was Prime Minister. He was also in office during the reign of Monarch, Juan Carlos I of Spain, whose predecessor was Francisco Franco.'
'Abel Caballero was born in Galicia, Spain and is a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party. He worked as a Member of the Congress of Deputies.'
'Abel Caballero was born in Ponteareas, Spain and is a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party. He worked as Minister of Transport.'
'Abner W. Sibal was born in Ridgewood, Queens and was a member of the Republican Party in the United States. He worked as a Member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District and was succeeded by Donald J. Irwin.'
'Abraham A Ribicoff was born in the U.S and died in New York City. He worked as the United States Secretary of Health, Education and Welfare and was succeeded by John N. Dempsey.'
'Adam Holloway was born in Faversham Kent, England and served in the Grenadier Guards. He fought in the Gulf War where Colin Powell was a commander.'
'Adam Koc is a national of Poland where the Kashubian language is spoken. He fought in the Polish–Soviet War where Joseph Stalin was a commander.'
'Adam Koc is a national of Poland, where the Polish language is spoken. He fought in the Polish–Soviet War, during which Joseph Stalin was a commander.'
'Adam Koc is a national of Poland where the Polish language is spoken. He fought in the Polish–Soviet War where Leon Trotsky was a commander.'
'Adam Koc was born in Congress Poland and fought in the Polish–Soviet War. The Polish-Soviet War was part of the Russian Civil War and Joseph Stalin was a commander in that war.'
'Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece. He worked at the Ministry of Economy, Development and Tourism in Greece and was succeeded by Makis Voridis.'
'Adonis Georgiadis is a member of the Greek New Democracy Party which uses the colour blue. He was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister and Konstantinos Mitsotakis was his successor.'
'Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge and started his career on March 4th 1974. He fought in the Battle of France and ended his career in 1979-03-30.'
'Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge and fought in World War II. His career lasted from 30th June 1953 to 30th March 1979.'
'Albert B. White was born on 22nd September 1856 and died on 3rd July 1941 in Parkersburg, West Virginia.'
'Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island, New York and died in Dona Ana County, New Mexico, United States.'
'Rear Admiral Alberto Teisaire was born on 20 May 1891 in Mendoza, Argentina. He was succeeded by Isaac Rojas.'
'Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, Austria-Hungary. He died in Styria, Austria.'
'Alfons Gorbach was born in the state of Tyrol in Austria-Hungary. He died in Styria in Graz.'
'Alfred N Phillips was born in Connecticut and worked as a Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district. He served in the United States Army which fought in the Whiskey Rebellion.'
'Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin, Texas and was a member of the Democratic Party in the United States. He was the Governor of Texas and his successor was Price Daniel.'
'Alvah Sabin represented Vermont, where the largest city is Burlington. He was a member of the United States Whig Party, which was led by Daniel Webster.'
"Alvah Sabin represented Vermont's 3rd Congressional District. He died in Sycamore, Illinois. Vermont's largest city is Burlington."
'Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States, the country of birth of Abraham A Ribicoff. He was born in New Britain, Connecticut and is married to Ruth. He is a United States national.'
'Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.r.l. (abbreviated to A.C. Verona) has 39371 members and its ground is in Verona, Italy. They played in the 2014-15 Serie A season.'
'Rolando Maran was born in Italy and manages A.C. Chievo Verona. He plays for Unione Triestina 2012 S.S.D. and Carrarese Calcio.'
'Michele Marcolini was born in Italy and manages A.C. Lumezzane. He played for Torino FC and FC Bari 1908.'
'The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece, where the leaders are Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis. The language spoken is Greek.'
'Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl (abbreviated to A.S.Gubbio) is located in Italy. They played in the 2014 season and have 5300 members.'
'Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl (abbreviated to A.S.Gubbio) has 5300 members and its ground is Stadio Pietro Barbetti. They competed in the 2014 season.'
'Livorno Calcio S.p.A (abbreviated to A.S. Livorno) has 19238 members and its home ground is the Stadio Armando Picchi. They played in the 2014-15 Serie B season.'
'Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A (abbreviated to A.S. Roma) has 70634 members and its ground is in Rome. They played in the 2014-15 Serie A season.'
'Qarabag FK are the champions of the Azerbaijan Premier League which AZAL PFK play in. AZAL Arena is the ground of AZAL PAK and is located in Azerbaijan.'
"AZAL PFK's ground is the AZAL Arena and they have 3500 members. They play in the Azerbaijan Premier League, the champions of which are Qarabag FK."
'John van den Brom manages the AZ Alkmaar which is owned by Robert Eenhoorn. He plays for AFC Ajax and Istanbulspor A.S.'
"Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's nickname is Asa Gigante and they play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil. Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions of Campeo Brasileir C."
'Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil. Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions of the league and they played in 2015.'
"Akron Summit Assault's full name is Akron Metro Futbol Club Summit Assault. They have 3000 members and are managed by Denzil Antonio. They played in the 2011 PDL season."
"Akron Summit Assault's ground is in Akron, Ohio, United States. They play in the Premier Development League, which was previously won by K-W United FC."
'The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, the capital of which is Rome. Sergio Mattarella is the leader of Italy and the language spoken is Italian.'
'The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, the capital of which is Rome. The leader of Italy is Pietro Grasso and the official language is Italian.'
'Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A (abbreviated to A.S. Roma) play at the Stadio Olimpico and play in Serie A. Juventus FC have been Serie A champions.'
'The Accademia di Architettura in Mendrisio, Switzerland has 100 academic staff and its dean is Mario Botta.'
'The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students. The leader of Switzerland is the Federal Chancellor of Switzerland.'
'The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 and has 100 academic staff. Its dean is Mario Botta and it is located in Mendriso.'
'The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum. It was given the "Technical Campus" status by the All India Council for Technical Education which is located in Mumbai.'
'The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, India. It has 700 postgraduate students.'
'The Acharya Institute of Technology in India was established in 2000 and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. Its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar.'
'The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania, the capital of which is Bucharest. Klaus Iohannis is the leader of Romania, where one of the ethnic groups is the Germans of Romania.'
'The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark was established in 1928. It has 737 academic staff and is affiliated with the European University Association.'
'The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff and 16,000 students.'
'David Weber is the author of 1634: The Bavarian Crisis which was preceded by 1634 The Baltic War and followed by Ring of Fire II which is written in English.'
'Virginia DeMarce is the author of 1634: The Ram Rebellion which has 512 pages and is available as an E-book. The ISBN number is 1-4165-2060-0.'
'The AIDS (journal) is published by Lippincott, Williams & Wilkins in the United Kingdom. The capital of the UK is London and the leader is Elizabeth II.'
'A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by J.V. Jones and is in print. The ISBN number is 0-7653-0633-6 and the OCLC number is 51969173.'
'Annie Dunne preceded A Long Long Way which was written in Ireland and published by Viking Press. The book was followed by The Secret Scripture.'
'A Severed Wasp is in print and has the ISBN number 0-374-26131-8. It has the OCLC number 8805735 and the Library of Congress Classification PS3523.E55 S4 1982.'
'A Severed Wasp originates from the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. The book is written in English, which is spoken in Great Britain.'
'A Severed Wasp is available in hardcover and has 388 pages. The ISBN number is 0-374-26131-8 and the OCLC number is 8805735.'
'A Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane and is available in hardcover. The ISBN number is 978-0-15-204770-2 and the OCLC number is 318875313.'
'Addiction (journal) (abbreviated to Addiction) comes under the academic discipline of addiction. The ISSN number is 1360-0443 and the LCCN number is 93645978.'
'Cornell University in Ithaca, New York is affiliated with the Association of American Universities and is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly.'
'Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. The book is written in English and the capital city is Washington DC.'
'The American Journal of Mathematics (abbreviated to Am. J. Math) is published bi-monthly. Its discipline is Math and its ISSN number is 1080-6377.'
'The American Journal of Mathematics (Am. J. Math) was first published in 1878 and has the ISSN number 1080-6377. Its discipline is Math.'
'A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States. The language spoken in the U.S. is English which is also spoken in Great Britain.'
'A Severed Wasp is from the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group. English is spoken in the US, as in Great Britain.'
'Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States, where Native Americans are an ethnic group. English is spoken in the US, as in Great Britain.'
'The AIDS (journal) is published by Lippincott, Williams & Wilkins in the United Kingdom. The leaders of the UK are David Cameron and Elizabeth II.'
'A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. English is spoken in the US, as in Great Britain.'
'A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States, where English is spoken, as in Great Britain. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.'
'A Severed Wasp originates from the United States, where Barack Obama is the leader and African Americans are an ethnic group. English is spoken in the U.S.'
'Abilene is part of Jones County, Texas, United States. It is served by the Abilene regional airport which has a runway length of 2194.0.'
'Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene, Texas. The airport is 546 metres above sea level and has the ICAO location identifier of KABI. The runway name is 17R/35L and has a length of 2194.0.'
'Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid and is operated by ENAIRE. The airport has an elevation of 610 metres above sea level. The runway name is 14L/32R and has a length of 4349.0.'
'Ram Naik is the leader of Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand. It is the location of Agra Airport which has the ICAO location identifier of VIAG.'
'Ram Naik is the leader of Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand. It is the location of Agra Airport which is known as Kheria Air Force Station.'
'The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase. They were involved in the invasion of Panama and use the Lockheed AC-130 as an attack aircraft. They also use the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon as an aircraft fighter and the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III as a transport aircraft.'
'The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase. They fought in the Korean War and deploy the Lockheed AC-130 on their aircraft carriers. They also deploy the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III transport aircraft and the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle aircraft fighter.'
'The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase. They fought in the Korean War and were involved in the Invasion of Grenada. They deploy the Lockheed C-130 Hercules transport aircraft and the Lockheed AC-130 on their aircraft carriers.'
'The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase. They were involved in the invasions of Grenada and Panama. They deploy the Lockheed AC-130 as an attack aircraft and the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III as a transport aircraft.'
'Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan and serves the city of Lahore. It is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. The leader of Pakistan is Anwar Zaheer Jamali.'
'Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan and serves the city of Lahore. The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation for the airport. Shehbaz Sharif is the leader of Punjab Pakistan.'
'Andrews County Airport is located in Texas and serves the city of Andrews. It is 973 metres above sea level. The runway name is 11/29 and has a length of 896.0.'
'Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. The capital of Texas is Austin and the largest city is Houston. Spanish is spoken in Texas.'
'Andrews County Airport is located in Texas. The capital of Texas is Austin and the largest city is Houston. The inhabitants of Texas speak Spanish.'
'Angola International Airport is located in Icolo e Bengo, Luanda Province, Angola. The airport serves the city of Luanda and is 159 metres above sea level.'
'Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Luanda Province, Angola. The airport is 159 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 4000.0.'
'Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish department of mobility and public works. It serves the city of Antwerp and has a runway length of 600.0. It has an elevation of 12.0 metres above sea level and is owned by The Flemisch Region.'
'Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin and serves the city of Appleton. The airport is 280 metres above sea level. The runway name is 3/21 and has a length of 2439.0.'
'Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, part of the town of Menasha in Clayton, Winnebago County, Wisconsin, United States. The airport serves the city of Appleton.'
'The Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand is the operating organisation for Ardmore Airport in New Zealand. The airport is 34 meters above sea level and has a runway length of 1411.0. The 3rd runway is made from Poaceae and has the name 03R/21L.'
'Turkmenistan Airlines is the operating organisation for Ashgabat International Airport which is located 211 metres above sea level. The runway name is 12R/30L and has a length of 2989.0.'
'The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the operating organisation for Atlantic City International Airport which is 23 metres above sea level. The airport has the ICAO location identifier of KACY and the runway name of 4/22. The runway length is 1873.0.'
'Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium. The leaders of Belgium are Charles Michel and Philippe of Belgium. German is spoken in the country.'
'With an elevation of 23 metres above sea level, Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States.'
'Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, part of the community of Madrid in Spain. The airport is 610 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3500.0.'
'Ska punk musician Aaron Bertram is a member of the Kids Imagine Nation. Ska punk has its origins in punk rock. He plays with the Suburban Legends band which has trombonist Brian Robertson as a member.'
'Indie rock singer Aaron Deer is from Indiana, United States. He is a member of the band Wee Giant.'
'Electric guitarist, Aaron Turner, performs black metal music. He played with Mamiffer and House of Low Culture. Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal.'
'Electric guitarist, Aaron Turner, played with the bands Twilight and Greymachine. His musical genre is black metal, of which death metal is a musical fusion.'
'Born in Massachusetts, Aaron Turner started performing in 1995 and performs sludge metal music. He played with the bands Twilight and Lotus Eaters.'
'Abradab is from Katowice, Poland and started performing in 1994. He is associated with the rapper Magik and the band Kaliber 44.'
'Ace Wilder was born on July 23, 1982 in Sweden. He is a solo singer.'
'Agustin Barboza was born in Asuncion, Paraguay. The leader of Paraguay is Juan Afara. The language spoken is Spanish and the ethnic group is Mestizo.'
'Rhythm and blues musician Ahmet Ertegun died in the United States. R & B originated from blues music and has disco as a derivative. African Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.'
'Rhythm and blues musician Ahmet Ertegun was born 1923 in Washington DC, United States. He has a background as a non performing artist.'
'Solo singer Alan Frew is a performer of rock music which originated from country music and blues music. Bhangra is a musical fusion of rock.'
'Solo singer Alan Frew was born in Coatbridge, Newmarket, Ontario, Canada.'
'Alex Day was born in the London Borough of Havering and started performing in 2006. He plays electronic music and is associated with the musical artist Charlie McDonnell. He is a member of the band Chameleon Circuit.'
'Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester and died in Sidcup, London. The Labour Party (UK) is the leader of Manchester. London is led by the European Parliament.'
'Alfredo Zitarrosa is a solo singer whose musical genre is Zamba. He is signed to the RCA Records label and is associated with Hector Numa Moraes and Ciro Perez.'
"Folk musician Alison O'Donnell began performing in 1963 and is signed to the record label Static Caravan Recordings. She was a member of the bands Mellow Candle and Flibbertigibbet."
'Rhythm and blues musician Anders Osborne began his career in 1989. He is associated with the musical artists Billy Iuso and Tab Benoit and with the band Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars.'
'Rock musician Anders Osborne is signed to the record label Okeh Records. He is associated with the musical artist Johnny Sansone. Bhangra is a fusion of rock.'
'Rhythm and blues singer Andra was born in Romania in 1986. She has a background as a solo singer.'
'Rhythm and blues singer Andra was born in Campia Turzii in 1986. She has a background as a solo singer.'
'Trance musician Andrew Rayel was born in Chisinau, Moldova and started his career in 2009. He is associated with Christian Burns and Armin van Buuren.'
'The musician, Andrew White, began his musical career in 2003. He is signed to the record labels B-Unique Records and Polydor Records. He plays with the band Kaiser Chiefs and is associated with Marry Banilow.'
'String instrumentalist Andrew Rayel is associated with artists: Armin Van Buuren, Bobina, Mark Sixma, Jonathan Mendelsohn, Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano, Alexandre Bergheau, Jonny Rose, Sylvia Tosun, Lira Yin, and Alexandra Badoi. He is also associated with Christian Burns, who performs house music.'
'Hip hop musician Allen Forrest was born on 4 February 1981. Hip hop music has its origins in disco and funk. Drum and bass is a derivative of hip hop music.'
'Agustin Barboza was born in Asuncion and died in Paraguay. The leader of Paraguay is Juan Afara and the language spoken is Spanish. The ethnic group is Mestizo.'
'Agustin Barboza was born in Paraguay and died in Asuncion. Paraguay is led by Juan Afara and has an ethnic group called Mestizo. Asunción, Paraguay, is part of Gran Asuncion.'
'Al Anderson plays the guitar in the rock band NRBQ. Rock music originated from country music which originated from blues music. Bhangra is a fusion of rock music.'
'Electric guitarist Aaron Turner played with the bands House of Low Culture and Twilight. Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal which is the musical genre of the band Twilight.'
'Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay. The leader of Uruguay is Raúl Fernando Sendic Rodríguez and the leader of Montevideo is Daniel Martinez. Spanish is spoken in Uruguay.'
'Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay. The leader of Uruguay is Tabare Vazquez and the leader of Montevideo is Daniel Martinez. The people of Uruguay are called Uruguayans.'
'American test pilot Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas. He was a crew member of Apollo 12, which was operated by NASA.'
'Alan Shepard was born on November 18th, 1923 in New Hampshire. He graduated from NWC with an M.A. in 1957. He died on July 21st, 1998 in California.'
'Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and graduated from NWC with an M.A. in 1957. He served as a test pilot and died in California.'
'Alan Shepard (born in New Hampshire) was a crew member of Apollo 14, which was operated by NASA. He was selected by NASA in 1959 and has since passed away.'
'Alan Bean was a crew member of Apollo 12, which was operated by NASA. He spent 100305 minutes in space. Alfred Worden was a backup pilot on Apollo 12 and the commander was David Scott.'
'Alan Shepard was born on November 18th, 1923 in New Hampshire and died in California. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy, which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.'
'Elliot See was born in Dallas and attended the University of Texas at Austin. Gregory L. Fenves is the president of the university which is affiliated to the university of texas system and will compete in the Big 12 Conference.'
'Elliot See was born in Dallas and graduated from the University of Texas at Austin. He died on February 28, 1966 in St. Louis.'
'Elliot See was born in Dallas, Texas. He attended the University of Texas at Austin, which is affiliated to the University Of Texas system and will compete in the Big 12 Conference.'
'Elliot See was born in Dallas and died in St Louis. He attended the University of Texas at Austin, which is affiliated to the University Of Texas system. He is now dead.'
'William Anders, who retired on 1969-09-01, was a crew member of Apollo 8, which was operated by NASA and commanded by Frank Borman. Buzz Aldrin was a backup pilot on Apollo 8.'
'Akeem Dent made his debut for the Atlanta based team the Atlanta Falcons which is owned by Arthur Blank. He later played for the Houston based Houston Texans.'
'Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Shabab Al-Ordon Club and Al Kharaitiyat SC. The latter club play in the Qatar Stars League and play their home games at Al Khor. Amar Osim is the manager of the club.'
'Aleksandr Chumakov, who died in Russia, played for the Soviet Union national football team. He also played for FC Torpedo Moscow which is managed by Valery Petrakov. The leader of Russia is Valentina Matviyenko.'
"Aleksandr Prudnikov's youth club was FC Spartak Moscow and he has also played for FC Amkar Perm. He is in the FC Terek Grozny club which is managed by Rashid Rakhimov and has its grounds in Grozno."
'Alessio Romagnoli is a member of the club U.C. Sampdoria. He also plays for AC Milan, which is managed by Siniša Mihajlović and chaired by Silvio Berlusconi. AC Milan play in Serie A.'
'Alessio Romagnoli is a member of the Italian national under 17 football team and plays for U.C. Sampdoria. He currently plays for AC Milan, which is chaired by Silvio Berlusconi and managed by Siniša Mihajlović.'
'Aleksandr Prudnikov played youth football for FC Spartak Moscow. He now plays for FC Terek Grozny, the ground of which, is located in Grozn. Rashid Rakhimov is the manager of the club which is in the same league as FC Dynamo Moscow.'
'Akeem Adams is a member of the United Petrotrin F.C. club which is located in Palo Seco. He also plays for Ferencvarosi TC which is chaired by Gabor Kubatov and managed by Thomas Doll.'
'Akeem Ayers made his debut for the Tennessee Titans who are coached by Mike Mularkey. He later played for the Los Angeles Rams who are based in Los Angeles and play their home games at the LA Memorial Coliseum.'
'20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom, the capital of which is London. Boris Johnson and Elizabeth II are leaders of the UK, where the currency is the pound sterling.'
'Construction of 250 Delaware Avenue in Buffalo, New York began in January 2014. The building has 12 floors, a floor area of 30843.8 square metres and cost 110 million dollars to build.'
'300 North LaSalle has 60 floors and is located in Chicago, DuPage County, Illinois, United States. Rahm Emanuel is the leader of Chicago.'
'3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment and is located in Dublin, Leinster, Republic of Ireland. The leader of Dublin is Dáil Éireann.'
'Adisham Hall is located at St Benedict\'s Monastery, Adisham, Haputhale, Sri Lanka. It was started in 1927 and completed in 1931 and has the architectural style of "Tudor and Jacobean".'
'Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka. The capital of Sri Lanka is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and the language spoken is Tamil. The Sri Lankan rupee is the currency used in Sri Lanka.'
'Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka. The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe and the capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte. The Sri Lankan rupee is the currency used in Sri Lanka.'
'The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita which is part of Akita Prefecture, Japan. The leader of Japan is Tarō Asō and the ethnic group are the Japanese.'
'Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. Gujarat is led by the Gujarat Legislative Assembly. The leader of India is Narendra Modi.'
'Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. Gujarat is led by the Gujarat Legislative Assembly. The leader of India is T S Thakur.'
'Ampara Hospital has 476 beds and is located in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe and Austin Fernando is the leader of Eastern Province.'
'Julia Morgan was born in California and designed many significant buildings, including the Asilomar Conference Grounds, the Los Angeles Herald Examiner building, the Riverside Art Museum and Hearst Castle.'
'Julia Morgan was born in California and designed many significant buildings including the Asilomar Conference Grounds, Hearst Castle, the Riverside Art Museum, Chinatown, San Francisco.'
'Asilomar Conference Grounds is located in Pacific Grove, California. It was constructed in 1913 and has the architectural style of "Arts and Crafts Movement". It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987 with the reference number 87000823.'
'The Asser Levy Public Baths are located on 23rd Street, Manhattan. They were constructed in 1904 and have the Romanesque Revival style of architecture. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980-04-23 with the reference number 80002709.'
'The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, Manhattan, New York, United States. Gale Brewer is the leader of Manhattan.'
'103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin, who was born in Birmingham. The leader of Birmingham is Andrew Mitchell and the governing body is Birmingham City Council. The postal code for the city is B.'
'Mulatu Teshome and Hailemariam Desalegn are leaders in Ethiopia which is the location of Addis Ababa City Hall and Addis Adaba Stadium. The city is located in the country and is part of the country of Ethiopia.'
'250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group and English is spoken. John Roberts is a leader in the U.S. which is led by the President.'
'250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where Joe Biden is a political leader and the President is the leader. White Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S. and the language spoken is English.'
'(66063) 1998 RO1, formerly known as 1999 SN5, has an orbital period of 360.29 days and an escape velocity of 0.0999 km per sec. It has an epoch date of 2013-11-04 and an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 kilometres.'
'(66391) 1999 KW4 has an orbital period of 16244700.0, an apoapsis of 162164091.8388 kilometres, an escape velocity of 0, a density of 2.0 grams per cubic centimetres and an epoch date of July 14th 2004.'
'101 Helena was discovered by James Craig Watson, a Canadian, on 15 August 1868. His alma mater was the University of Michigan and he died in Madison, Wisconsin.'
'101 Helena was discovered by James Craig Watson, a Canadian, who studied at the University of Michigan. He died of peritonitis in Madison, Wisconsin.'
'Walter Baade was born in the German Empire and studied at the University of Gottingen. He discovered 1036 Ganymed and died in West Germany. Allan Sandage was a doctoral student of Walter Baade.'
'Walter Baade was born in the German Empire and studied at the University of Gottingen. He discovered 1036 Ganymed and had Halton Arp and Allan Sandage as doctoral students.'
'Discovered by F Vilas, 107 Camilla has an orbital period of 2368.05 days. It has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 and an apoapsis of 560937000.0 kilometres. Its periapsis is 479343000.0 km.'
'Englishman N.R. Pogson was born in Nottingham and died in Chennai. He discovered 107 Camilla on November 17th, 1868.'
'1089 Tama was formerly known as A919 HA; 1927 WB. It has an orbital period of 1202.846 days, an escape velocity of 0.0068 km per sec, an epoch date of 26 November 2005, and an apoapsis of 373513000.0 kilometres.'
'1097 Vicia has an orbital period of 135589000.0, an escape velocity of 0.0112 km per sec, an epoch date of December 31st 2006, a mass of 9.8kg, and an apoapsis of 511592000.0 km.'
'10 Hygiea has a surface area of 837080.744 square km, an escape velocity of 0.21 km per sec, a temperature of 164.0 kelvins, an epoch date of 27 June 2015, and an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 kilometres.'
'Abilene, Texas is 524.0 above sea level. It has a total area of 286.5 square kilometres, 14.2 square kilometres of water, a population density of 429.9 inhabitants per square kilometre and the area code of 325.'
'Abilene is part of Texas in the United States. Houston is the largest city in Texas and the capital is Austin. Spanish is spoken in Texas.'
'Albany is part of the state of Georgia in the United States. Americans live in the U.S. where English is spoken and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.'
'Albuquerque is part of New Mexico and has the area codes of 505 and 575. It has a total area of 490.9 square kilometres, of which land is 486.2 square kilometres. The population density is 1142.3 inhabitants per square kilometre.'
'Tom Tait is the leader of Anaheim, California, where Spanish is spoken. Anaheim is led by the United States House of Representatives, which is located in the U.S. Capitol.'
'Anderson is part of the state of Indiana in the United States. Indianapolis is the capital of Indiana. Anderson is led by the Democratic Party in the U.S. which has its headquarters in Washington, D.C.'
'Anderson is located in Indiana and has the area code 765. It has a population density of 523.9 inhabitants per square kilometre, a total area of 107.43 square kilometres and is 268.0 above sea level.'
'With a total area of 75.324 square kilometres, Antioch, is part of Contra Costa County, California. The San Francisco Bay Area is located in California, where one of the languages spoken is Chinese.'
'Attica is part of Fountain County, Indiana, United States. Covington is the county seat for Fountain County. Washington, D.C. is the capital of the United States.'
'Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama, United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington, D.C. and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the country.'
'Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama, United States. Opelika is the county seat of Lee county. African Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.'
'Austin is part of Williamson County, Texas, where the largest city is Round Rock and the county seat is Georgetown. Spanish is spoken in Texas.'
'Houston is the largest city in Texas, where Spanish is spoken. Austin is part of Williamson County, where Georgetown is the county seat.'
'Alexandria is part of Madison County, Indiana, United States. The capital of Indiana is Indianapolis and the largest city is Anderson.'
'Arlington is part of Tarrant County, Texas. Fort Worth is the county seat of Texas, where English is spoken. Houston is the largest city in Texas.'
'Arlington is part of Tarrant County, Texas. Fort Worth and Houston are the largest cities in Texas. The capital of Texas is Austin.'
'Arlington is part of Tarrant County, Texas, United States. The capital of Texas is Austin and the largest city is Houston.'
'Albany is part of Dougherty County, Georgia, United States. The leader of Albany is the Mayor. Americans live in the U.S. and Asian Americans are an ethnic group there.'
'Albany is part of Linn County, Oregon, in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington, D.C. African Americans are an ethnic group in that country, where Americans live.'
'Akron is part of Summit County, Ohio, United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington, D.C. and its inhabitants are called Americans. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.'
'Angola is part of Steuben County, Indiana, United States. The leader of the United States is known as the President and the inhabitants are called Americans. African Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.'
'Albany is part of Benton County, Oregon, United States. The capital of the United States is Washington, D.C. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S. and English is spoken there.'
'Albany is part of Oregon, United States. The capital of the United States is Washington, D.C. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S. and English is spoken there.'
'Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama, United States. Opelika is the county seat of Lee county. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.'
'Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States, where Barack Obama is the leader and English is spoken. The country is the location of Albuquerque, New Mexico, which is led by the Albuquerque City Council.'
'Angola is part of the state of Indiana in the United States. Americans live in the U.S. where English is spoken. Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the country.'
'Albany, Georgia is in the United States, where Americans live and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. The leader of the U.S. is called the President.'
'Auburn is part of King County, Washington, United States. Olympia is the capital of Washington, where the largest city is Seattle.'
'Bananaman first aired on the BBC on October 3rd, 1983 and broadcast its last episode on April 15th, 1986. Tim Brooke-Taylor starred in Bananaman which was created by John Geering.'
'Baymax, a character in Big Hero 6, was created by Steven T Seagle and the American, Duncan Rouleau. The film stars Scott Adsit.'
'Chinabank was founded on 08-16-1920 in Manila. It is a publicly traded company with 295 banking centers and a net income of 15100000000.'
'Felipe Gozon is a key person at GMA New Media which was founded on January 1, 2000 and is located inside the GMA Network Center. The company is in the mass media industry and makes mobile applications.'
'Hypermarcas, founded on January 1, 2001, is a pharmaceutical company that produces cosmetics. Hypermarcas is located in Brazil, where the population density is 23.8.'
'Trane is a subsidiary company that was founded in La Crosse, Wisconsin. Trane has 29,000 employees and is located in Ireland, Europe.'
'Trane is a subsidiary company located in Swords, Dublin that produces building management systems. Trane has a revenue of 10264000000, a net income of $556,300,000 and a total revenue of $1,8 billion.'
'Ajoblanco (also known as Ajo blanco) is a dish from Andalusia, Spain. The main ingredients are bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil.'
'Amatriciana is a traditional Italian sauce from the Lazio region. The main ingredients are tomatoes, guanciale, cheese and olive oil.'
'Arem-arem is a Javanese dish from Indonesia. The leader of Indonesia is Joko Widodo and the language spoken is Indonesian. The Indonesian rupiah is the currency used in Indonesia.'
'Arrabbiata sauce is a traditional dish from Italy, where Sergio Mattarella is the leader and the capital is Rome. The language spoken is Italian and the people are known as Italians.'
'Arròs negre is a traditional dish from the Valencian Community in Spain. The leader of the region is Ximo Puig. Spaniards live in Spain and the leader is Felipe VI.'
'Asam pedas is a food found in the Malay Peninsula of Malaysia. The capital of Malaysia is Kuala Lumpur and the Malaysian Indian and Malaysian Chinese are ethnic groups in the country.'
'Asam pedas is a food found in the Malay Peninsula, Malaysia. Arifin Zakaria is the leader of Malaysia, where Malaysian Indian and Malaysian Chinese are ethnic groups.'
'Ayam penyet is a dish from Java and is served hot. The main ingredients are "squeezed" or "smashed" chicken served with sambal. The dish is popular nationwide and can also be found in Malaysia and Singapore.'
'Ayam penyet is a fried chicken dish from Malaysia and Indonesia. The main ingredients are squeezed or smashed and served with sambal. The Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group from Malaysia.'
'The fried chicken dish Ayam penyet is popular in Malaysia and Indonesia. The Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group in Malaysia.'
'Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, where Barack Obama is the leader. White Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S. and the capital city is Washington, D.C. The language spoken is English.'
'Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, where Joe Biden is a political leader. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S. where English is spoken and the capital city is Washington, D.C.'
'Baked Alaska is a dish from France and Hong Kong. Carrie Lam is a politician in Hong Kong and Gerard Larcher is the leader of France where the French language is spoken.'
'Bandeja paisa is a Colombian dish from the Paisa region. One of its ingredients is lemon which is a member of the Rosids order and the rutaceae family.'
'Barny Cakes, which contain sponge cake, come from France. The leaders of France are Gerard Larcher and Claude Bartolone and the language spoken is French.'
'Barny Cakes, created by Mondelez International (founded in Chicago), come from France. The leader of France is Gerard Larcher and the language spoken is French.'
'Bhajji is a dish from the Karnataka region of India. The leaders of India are Sumitra Mahajan and T S Thakur. The people are called Indians.'
'Binignit is a dessert dish from the Visayas region of the Philippines. The main ingredients are sweet potato and banana.'
'Enrique Pena Nieto is the leader of Mexico, where the Spanish language is spoken. Honey is a food found in the country and is served as a dessert.'
'Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of Mexico, where the Spanish language is spoken. Cookies and bionico are desserts found in Mexico.'
'Bionico is a dessert dish from Guadalajara, Mexico. Honey is one of its ingredients. Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of Mexico.'
'Joko Widodo is the leader of Indonesia, where the Indonesian language is spoken. The capital of Indonesia is Jakarta and the dish Bakso is a popular dish there. The dish is also popular in other Southeastern Asian countries.'
'Joko Widodo and Jusuf Kalla are leaders in Indonesia, the capital of which is Jakarta. Bakso is a dish from Indonesia.'
'Pietro Grasso and Laura Boldrini are leaders in Italy, the capital of which is Rome. Amatriciana sauce is a traditional dish from Italy, where the people are known as Italians.'
'The Banyumasan people are an ethnic group in Java, where the dish Ayam penyet is from. The dish is also from Singapore, where Halimah Yacob is the leader and English is spoken.'
'Ayam penyet is a dish from Java where the Banyumasan people are an ethnic group. It is also found in Singapore where Halimah Yacob is the leader and Standard Chinese is spoken.'
'The Ilocano and Igorot people are ethnic groups in the Philippines, where the official language is Philippine English and batchoy is eaten. Arabic is one of the languages spoken in the country.'
'Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore and Indonesia. Tony Tan and Halimah Yacob are leaders in Singapore, where English is spoken.'
'Ajoblanco is a food found in Andalusia, Spain. Susana Diaz is the leader of Andalusian. The leader of Spain is Felipe VI and the people are known as Spaniards.'
'Ajoblanco is from Spain, where the leader is Felipe VI of Spain. The language spoken is Spanish and the currency used is the euro. Spaniards live in Spain.'
'The AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft and is 253260.0 millimetres long. It has a top speed of 38.892 km/h, a ship beam of 32.2 and is operated by AIDA Cruises.'
'The ALCO RS-3 was built between May 1950 and August 1956 by the American Locomotive Company. It has 12 cylinders, a V12 engine and is 17068.8 millimetres long.'
'The AMC Matador is a mid-size station wagon with a AMC V8 engine and is assembled in Thames, New Zealand. It is also known as the American Motors Matador.'
'The Alhambra was built by the Samuda Brothers and is owned by the P&O company. It is 63800.0 millimetres long and has a Humphrys, Tennant and Dykes power type. The company is located in Deptford.'
'The Antares rocket was manufactured by the Yuzhnoye Design Office and has a diameter of 3.9 metres. It was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. Its maiden flight was on 28 October 2014 and its final flight on 18 September 2013.'
'The Antares rocket was manufactured by the Yuzhnoye Design Office and launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport. It is comparable to the Delta II which originates from the United States and was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base.'
'The Ariane 5 was manufactured by Airbus Defence and Space and has a diameter of 5.4 metres. It was launched from the Guiana Space Centre and had its maiden flight on August 11th 2005 and its final flight on December 18, 2009.'
'The Ariane 5 was manufactured by the European Space Agency and has a diameter of 5.4 metres. It was launched at ELA-3 and had its maiden flight on March 2, 2004 and its final flight on 2003-09-27.'
'The Aston Martin Virage and the Aston Martin DBS are related means of transport. The latter vehicle was manufactured by Aston Martin and assembled in the United Kingdom, the leader of which is Elizabeth II. The Aston Martin V8 was succeeded by the Virage.'
'The Atlas II originates from the United States and has a diameter of 3.04m. It was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base and Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36. Its final flight was on 1998-03-16.'
'The Audi A1 is a hatchback assembled in Brussels, Belgium. It has a front-engine, front-wheel-drive layout and a 1.2 litre engine. It is classed as a supermini.'
'Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person at Caterpillar Inc. which was founded in the United States and is located in Illinois. The AIDAluna, owned by AIDA Cruises, has a Caterpillar inc. engine.'
'Carnival Corporation & plc is the parent company of Costa Crociere which is located in Genoa. They own the AIDAstella which was built by Meyer Werft and operated by AIDA Cruises.'
'The Antares rocket was launched at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0, which is associated with the Minotaur IV rocket. It is comparable to the Delta II, which originates from the United States and was launched from the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.'
'The Antares rocket was launched at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0, which is associated with the Minotaur IV rocket. It is comparable to the Delta II, which originates from the United States and was launched from the Vandenberg Air Force Base.'
'The A-Rosa Luna was built on the Neptun Werft in Rostock, Germany. The capital of Germany is Berlin and the leader is Joachim Gauck.'
'The A-Rosa Luna was built on the Neptun Werft in Rostock, Germany. The leader of Germany is Stanislaw Tillich and the people are known as Germans.'
'The Antares rocket was launched at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0, which is associated with the Minotaur V rocket. It is comparable to the Delta II, which originates from the United States.'
'The ALV X-1 hails from the United States, where the capital is Washington, D.C. and the national anthem is the Star Spangled Banner. Americans live in the U.S. and White Americans are an ethnic group there.'
'The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in the municipality of Gettysburg, Adams County, Pennsylvania. To the west of Adams County lies Franklin County and to the north east lies Cumberland County. Carroll County, Maryland is to the southeast east of Adams county.'
"The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan, the capital of which is Baku. The leader of Azerbaijan is Prime Minister Artur Rasizade and the legislature is the National Assembly."
'Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner designed the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial in Azerbaijan. The memorial is dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army who were killed in the Battle of Baku. The native name of the country is Turk Sehitleri Aniti. The leader of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade.'
'The Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial is located in Azerbaijan and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It was designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner in red granite and white marble and has the local name Turk Sehitleri Aniti.'
'Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner designed the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial which is made from red granite and white marble. The memorial is dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army who were killed in the Battle of Baku and is located in Azerbaijan. The Prime Minister of Azerbaijan is the leader of Azerbaijan.'
'Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and resides in Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching, SarawAK. He was a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and was succeeded by Adenan Satem, who studied at the University of Adelaide.'
'Abdulsalami Abubakar, a member of the Nigerian Army, was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President. Olusegun Obasanjo was the successor to Abubaka, who retired on 29 May 1999. Oladipo Diya was the predecessor of Mike Akigbe.'
'American Abraham A Ribicoff was born in Connecticut and died in New York City. He was a member of the Democratic Party in the U.S. and worked as the United States Secretary of Health, Education and Welfare.'
'Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States, the country of birth of Abraham A Ribicoff, who was married to Chicago born Casey Ribicof. He died in the U.S.'
'Adam Holloway was born in Kent and attended Magdalene College, Cambridge. He began his career on May 5th 2005 and served in the Grenadier Guards. He was a Member of Parliament for Gravesham.'
'Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands where the leader is Mark Rutte. She worked at the House of Representatives in the Netherlands and is a member of the Socialist Party which is led by Emile Roemer.'
'Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands where the leader is Mark Rutte. She worked as a Parliamentary group leader and is a member of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands which is led by Emile Roemer.'
'Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands where the leader is Mark Rutte. She is a member of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands which is led by Emile Roemer and uses the colour red.'
'Agnes Ward White was born in Marietta, Ohio and was married to Albert B White. Albert B. White died in Parkersburg, West Virginia and was succeeded by William M.O. Dawson. The birth place of William M O. Dawson was Bloomington, Maryland.'
'Alberto Teisaire is a national of Argentina where Spanish is spoken. He died in Buenos Aires which is led by Gabriela Michetti and governed by the Buenos Aires City Legislature.'
'Alberto Teisaire was a national of Argentina where Spanish is spoken. He died in Buenos Aires which is led by Horacio Rodríguez Larreta and governed by the Buenos Aires City Legislature.'
'Rear Admiral Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina on May 20th, 1891. He worked as a Provisional President of the Argentine Senate and was succeeded by Isaac Rojas.'
"Alvah Sabin, who died in Sycamore, Illinois, started his political career on March 4th 1853. He represented Vermont's 3rd Congressional District. Vermont's largest city is Burlington."
"Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia, Vermont. He worked as the Secretary of State of Vermont and represented Vermont's 3rd Congressional District. Vermont's largest city is Burlington."
'Alvah Sabin, who died in Sycamore, Illinois, represented Vermont, where the largest city is Burlington. He was a member of the United States Whig Party, which was led by Henry Clay.'
'Alvah Sabin, who died in Sycamore, Illinois, represented Vermont, where the largest city is Burlington. He was a member of the United States Whig Party, which was led by Daniel Webster.'
'Antonis Samaras was born in Athens and was in office while Konstantinos Mitsotakis was Prime Minister. Makis Voridis was the successor of Adonis Georgiadis. Evangelos Venizelos was the deputy to Antonis Samaras.'
'Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, Austria. He died in Graz. Doris Bures is the leader of Austria, where the language spoken is Austrian German.'
'Stellendam born Ab Klink is a member of the Christian Democratic Appeal party in the Netherlands. The leader of the Netherlands is Mark Rutte and the currency used is the euro.'
'Gordon Marsden is the leader of Blackpool, the ground of A.F.C. Blackpool. Stuart Parker is the manager of the Blackpool football club. He also plays for KV Mechelen and Chesterfield FC.'
'AEK Athens F.C. play in the Superleague Greece, which was previously won by Olympiacos FC. Their manager is Gus Poyet, who plays for Real Zaragoza and Chelsea FC.'
"Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Alagoas, Brazil. They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league, which was previously won by Vila Nova Futebol Clube."
'Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil. Their ground is the Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca which is located in Arapiraca. Vila Nova Futebol Clube have been champions of the league.'
'Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil. They have 17000 members and are managed by Vica. Vila Nova Futebol Clube have been champions of the league.'
'The Accademia di Architettura in Mendrisio, Switzerland has 600 students and 100 academic staff. Its dean is Mario Botta.'
'The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Ticino, Switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students. The leader of Switzerland is Johann Schneider-Ammann.'
'The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, Karnataka. It is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. Karnataka has Telangana to its northeast and the Arabian Sea to its west.'
'The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, India. It was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students.'
'The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, Karnataka. It was founded by Kempe Gowda I and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. Karnataka has the Arabian Sea to its west.'
'The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Romania. The capital of Romania is Bucharest and the Prime Minister is Klaus Iohannis.'
'The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark was established in 1928. It has 737 academic staff and 16,000 students. It is affiliated with the European University Association.'
'A Long Long Way was written in Ireland which is located in Europe. The book was followed by The Secret Scripture which was published by Faber and Faber. White people are an ethnic group in Ireland.'
'Annie Dunne preceded A Long Long Way which was written in Ireland. The book was followed by The Secret Scripture which was published by Faber and Faber. White people are an ethnic group in Ireland.'
'The Violet Keystone followed the novel Into Battle, which was followed by the novel Above the Veil. The book was written by Australians and was preceded by Aenir which was written after Castle.'
'Cornell University in Ithaca, New York is affiliated with the Association of American Universities. Its nickname is Cornell Big Red and it is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly.'
'Cornell University in Ithaca, New York is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land-grant Universities. Its nickname is Cornell Big Red and it is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly.'
'Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States, where Barack Obama is the leader and African Americans are an ethnic group. The book is written in English, which is spoken in Great Britain.'
'A Severed Wasp originates from the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. The capital of the U.S. is Washington, D.C. and the language spoken is English, same as in Great Britain.'
'Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States, where Joe Biden is a political leader and African Americans are an ethnic group. English is spoken in the US, as in Great Britain.'
'The AIDS (journal) is from the United Kingdom, where David Cameron and Elizabeth II are leaders. The capital city is London and the language spoken is English.'
'The AIDS (journal) is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, whose parent company is Wolters Kluwer. The journal is published in the United Kingdom, where David Cameron and Elizabeth II are leaders.'
'A Severed Wasp originates from the United States, where Barack Obama is the leader and Native Americans are an ethnic group. The book is written in English, which is spoken in Great Britain.'
'A Severed Wasp originates from the United States, where Barack Obama is the leader and the Native Americans are an ethnic group. The language spoken in the US is English, same as in Great Britain.'
'Alan Bean is a US national who was born in Wheeler, Texas. He was a crew member of Apollo 12, which was operated by NASA and commanded by David Scott. He is now retired.'
'Alan Shepard was an American born on November 18th, 1923 in New Hampshire. He graduated from NWC with an M.A. in 1957 and was selected by NASA in 1959. He died in California.'
'Alan Shepard was born on November 18th, 1923 in New Hampshire. He graduated from NWC with an M.A. in 1957. He was selected by NASA in 1959 and died in California.'
'Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th, 1923. He was a crew member of Apollo 14, which was operated by NASA. He retired on August 1st, 1974 and died in California.'
'Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died on July 21st, 1998 in California. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy, which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal. Alan Shepard was also awarded the American Defense Service ribbon.'
'Buzz Aldrin (also known as Edwin E. Aldrin Jr) was born on January 20th, 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He was a fighter pilot and a crew member on Apollo 11.'
'Buzz Aldrin was born on January 20, 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He was selected by NASA in 1963 and served as a crew member on Apollo 11. He is now retired.'
'Buzz Aldrin graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963 and was selected by NASA in 1963. He served as a fighter pilot and was a crew member of Apollo 11. William Anders was a backup pilot on Apollo 11 which was operated by NASA.'
'Elliot See was an American born in Dallas. He attended the University of Texas at Austin and died on February 28, 1966 in St Louis.'
'Elliot See was born on July 23, 1927 in Dallas. He attended the University of Texas at Austin, which is affiliated to the university of texas system. He died in St Louis.'
'William Anders was born on October 17th, 1933 in British Hong Kong. He graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M.S. He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 8. He retired on 1969-09-01.'
'Hypermarcas, founded on January 1, 2001, is an S.A. corporation located in Brazil. The key person at Hypermarcas is their CEO and they are in the pharmaceutical industry. Their main product is drugs.'
'Trane was founded on 01-01-1913 in La Crosse, Wisconsin. It produces HVAC and employs 29,000 people. Trane has an operating income of $875,400,000 and a revenue of $10,264,000,000.'
'Pietro Canonica designed the bronze Ataturk monument in Izmir, Turkey. The monument was inaugurated on 27 July 1932. The capital of Turkey is Ankara and the leader is Ahmet Davutoglu.'
"The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner. It is dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army who were killed in the Battle of Baku. The native name of the memorial is Turk Sehitleri Aniti. The memorial is located in Azerbaijan, a country led by Prime Minister Artur Rasizade."
'The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established on July 11th, 1907 and is owned by the National Park Service. It is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield, Frederick County, Maryland, United States. The nearest city is Frederick.'
'The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield, Frederick County, Maryland, United States. It was established on July 11th, 1907 and is owned by the National Park Service. It is categorised as a historic district.'
'The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Ticino, Switzerland. It was established in 1996 and has 600 students. The leader of Switzerland is Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider-Ammann.'
'The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, Karnataka, India. Its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar and it was established in 2000.'
'The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India was established in 2000 and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. Its president is B.M. Reddy and its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar.'
'The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the state of Karnataka which has the Arabian Sea to its west. It was given the "Technical Campus" status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai. The school offers tennis which is governed by the International Tennis Federation.'
'The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Mumbai and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum. It was given the "Technical Campus" status by the All India Council for Technical Education and offers tennis as a sport. The governing body for tennis is the International Tennis Federation.'
'The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania, a country led by Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis. The capital of Romania is Bucharest and its patron saint is Andrew the Apostle. One of the ethnic groups in the country is the Germans of Romania.'
'The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarus, Denmark was established in 1928. It has 737 academic staff and is affiliated with the European University Association. The leader of Denmark is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.'
'Established in 1928, the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarus, Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association. It has 737 academic staff and 16,000 students.'
'Alan Bean is an American test pilot who was born on March 15, 1932 in Wheeler, Texas. He was a crew member of Apollo 12, which was operated by NASA. He is now retired.'
'Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas. He graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B.S. He served as a test pilot and was a crew member of Apollo 12, which was operated by NASA and commanded by David Scott. He is now retired.'
'Alan Shepard was an American born on November 18th, 1923 in New Hampshire. He graduated from NWC with an M.A. in 1957. He was selected by NASA in 1959 and served as a crew member on Apollo 14. He died in California.'
'American test pilot Alan Shepard was born on November 18th, 1923 in New Hampshire. He graduated from NWC with an M.A. in 1957. He died in California.'
'Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th, 1923. He served as a test pilot and was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy, which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal. He died in California.'
'Edwin E. Aldrin Jr, also known as Buzz, is an American born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He was a fighter pilot and a crew member on Apollo 11. He is now retired.'
'American Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, Essex County, New Jersey. He was a crew member of Apollo 11, which was operated by NASA. William Anders was a backup pilot on Apollo 11. The leader of the United States is Joe Biden.'
'Buzz Aldrin was born on January 20, 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He was selected by NASA in 1963 and served as a crew member on Apollo 11. He is now retired.'
'Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He served as a fighter pilot and was selected by NASA in 1963 as part of the Apollo 11 crew. William Anders was a backup pilot on Apollo 11.'
'Elliot See was born on July 23, 1927 in Dallas. He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, which is affiliated to the university of texas system. He served as a test pilot and died in St. Louis.'
'Elliot See was born on July 23, 1927 in Dallas. He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin and served as a test pilot. He died on February 28, 1966 in St. Louis.'
'American William Anders was born on October 17th, 1933 in British Hong Kong. He graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M.S. He served as a fighter pilot and retired on 1969-09-01.'
'Hypermarcas is a pharmaceutical company located in Sao Paulo. They have a net income of 108,600,000, a revenue of 1800000000,000 and employ 10,252 people. Mantecorp is a subsidiary of Hypermarcas.'
'The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Gettysburg, Adams County, Pennsylvania, United States. It was established in 2000 and categorised as a contributing property. To the north of Adams County lies Cumberland County and to the southeast lies Carroll County, Maryland.'
"The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner in red granite and white marble. It is dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army who were killed in the Battle of Baku. The memorial is located in Baku, the capital of Azerbaijan, a country led by the Prime Minister and governed by the National Assembly."
'The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, Karnataka, India. It was established in 2000 and its president is B.M. Reddy. It is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University.'
'The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, India. It was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students. Its motto is "Nurturing Excellence" and it is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University.'
'The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, India. It was established in 2000 and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. Its president is B.M. Reddy and its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar.'
'The Acharya Institute of Technology is located at In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, India. It was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students. Its president is B.M. Reddy and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum.'
'The AWH Engineering College is located in Kuttikkattoor, Kerala, India. Kerala has Mahe, India to its northwest. It has 250 academic staff. Mumbai is the largest city in India and the Ganges is a river in India.'
'The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Romania. The capital of Romania is Bucharest and its leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis. The national anthem is Deșteaptă-te, române! and its ethnic group is the Germans of Romania.'
'The Acharya Institute of Technology is located at In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, Karnataka, India. It was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum. Its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar.'
