The generated text is :
The generated text is : Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene, Texas.
The generated text is : Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas.
The generated text is : The runway name of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is 18L/36R.
The generated text is : The ICAO Location Identifier of Afonso Pena International Airport is SBCT.
The generated text is : Afonso Pena International Airport serves the city of Curitiba.
The generated text is : Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah.
The generated text is : The runway length of Al-Taqaddum Air Base is 3684.0.
The generated text is : The runway name of Alderney Airport is 14/32.
The generated text is : The runway length of Allama Iqbal International Airport is 3360.12.
The generated text is : Amsterdam Airport Schiphol's 1st runway number is 18.
The generated text is : The 5th runway at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is made of Asphalt.
The generated text is : 06/24 Kaagbaan is the runway name of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol.
The generated text is : Andrews County Airport is 973 metres above sea level.
The generated text is : Andrews County Airport is owned by Andrews County, Texas.
The generated text is : Andrews County Airport has a runway length of 896.0.
The generated text is : The 1st runway at Angola International Airport is made of Asphalt.
The generated text is : Antwerp International Airport is 12 metres above sea level.
The generated text is : Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish Government.
The generated text is : The runway length of Appleton International Airport is 2439.0.
The generated text is : The runway length of Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is 518.0.
The generated text is : Ashgabat International Airport's ICAO Location Identifier is UTAA.
The generated text is : The runway name of Ashgabat International Airport is 11/29.
The generated text is : Atlantic City International Airport is owned by the South Jersey Transportation Authority.
The generated text is : The runway name of Atlantic City International Airport is 13/31.
The generated text is : Dutch is a language spoken in Belgium.
The generated text is : Curitiba is part of the South Region of Brazil.
The generated text is : Danes are the inhabitants of Denmark.
The generated text is : Fallujah is in Iraq.
The generated text is : Greenville, Wisconsin is in the United States.
The generated text is : Greenville, Wisconsin is part of Grand Chute, Wisconsin.
The generated text is : Arabic is the language spoken in Iraq.
The generated text is : Madrid is in Spain.
The generated text is : Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan is part of the United States.
The generated text is : Sardar Ayaz Sadiq is the leader of Pakistan.
The generated text is : The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey serves New Jersey.
The generated text is : Houston is the largest city in Texas.
The generated text is : The United States Air Force bombed Libya in 1986.
The generated text is : The Boeing C-17 Globemaster III is a transport aircraft of the United States Air Force.
The generated text is : The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000.
The generated text is : Adams County, Pennsylvania has Carrol County, Maryland to its southeast.
The generated text is : Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaijan.
The generated text is : The leader of Azerbaijan is known as the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan.
The generated text is : The native name of the Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is Turk Sehitleri Aniti.
The generated text is : 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa.
The generated text is : 250 Delaware Avenue has the architectural style of Postmodern architecture.
The generated text is : 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago.
The generated text is : 320 South Boston Building was designed by architect George Winkler.
The generated text is : Construction of 320 South Boston Building began in 1910.
The generated text is : AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen has 814 rooms.
The generated text is : James Pain and George Richard Pain were the architects of Adare Manor.
The generated text is : Adisham Hall is located in Haputale.
The generated text is : The Akita Museum of Art is located in Japan.
The generated text is : Alan B. Miller Hall is owned by the College of William and Mary.
The generated text is : The address of Amdavad ni Gufa is Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, near CEPT University, opp. Gujarat University, University Road.
The generated text is : Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House has the reference number 88002539 in the National Register of Historic Places.
The generated text is : Asilomar Conference Grounds was designed by Julia Morgan.
The generated text is : The architecture of Asilomar Conference Grounds is Arts and Crafts Movement and American craftsman Bungalows.
The generated text is : The Asilomar Conference Grounds were constructed in 1913.
The generated text is : Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City.
The generated text is : Buffalo is part of Erie County, New York.
The generated text is : Byron Brown is a leader in Buffalo, New York.
The generated text is : County Limerick is part of Munster.
The generated text is : Criona Ni Dhalaigh is the leader of Dublin.
The generated text is : Mulatu Teshome is the leader of Ethiopia.
The generated text is : The demonym for the people of India is Indian.
The generated text is : Julia Morgan designed the significant building of the Los Angeles Herald Examiner.
The generated text is : Live Nation Entertainment is located in Beverly Hills, California.
The generated text is : Manhattan is part of New York.
The generated text is : New York City is part of New Netherland.
The generated text is : Pacific Grove is part of California.
The generated text is : White South Africans are an ethnic group in South Africa.
The generated text is : Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom.
The generated text is : 1634: The Ram Rebellion has the ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0.
The generated text is : Eric Flint is the author of 1634: The Ram Rebellion.
The generated text is : 1634: The Ram Rebellion was produced in print.
The generated text is : The AIDS journal is published in the United Kingdom.
The generated text is : A Glastonbury Romance has the OCLC number 76798317.
The generated text is : A Glastonbury Romance is available in hardcover.
The generated text is : A Long Long Way is written in English.
The generated text is : Diane Duane is the author of A Wizard of Mars.
The generated text is : Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg has the ISSN number 0025-5858.
The generated text is : Above the Veil was written by Garth Nix.
The generated text is : Above the Veil is available in print.
The generated text is : The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica has the ISSN number 0567-7920.
The generated text is : The journal Addiction has the LCCN number 93645978.
The generated text is : Addiction journal is about addiction.
The generated text is : Aenir is written in English.
The generated text is : Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States.
The generated text is : Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English.
The generated text is : The American Journal of Mathematics comes under the academic discipline of Mathematics.
The generated text is : The novel Castle is written in English.
The generated text is : Eric Flint was born in Burbank, California.
The generated text is : Macmillan Publishers is the parent company of Farrar, Straus and Giroux.
The generated text is : A Glastonbury Romance is a notable work of John Cowper Powys.
The generated text is : Soho Press is located in the United States.
The generated text is : The Secret Scripture was published by Faber and Faber.
The generated text is : Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
The generated text is : English is the language of the United States.
The generated text is : A Glastonbury Romance preceded Weymouth Sands.
The generated text is : The manager of A.C. Chievo Verona is Rolando Maran.
The generated text is : A.D. Isidro Metapan play in the Salvadoran Primera Division.
The generated text is : The full name of A.F.C. Blackpool is "Association Football Club Blackpool".
The generated text is : AFC Blackpool's ground is The Mechanics.
The generated text is : A.F.C. Blackpool's ground is in Blackpool.
The generated text is : A.S. Gubbio 1910's ground is in Gubbio.
The generated text is : A.S. Gubbio 1910 has 5300 members.
The generated text is : AEK Athens F.C.'s ground is in Athens.
The generated text is : AEK Athens F.C. played in the 2014-15 Football League Greece season.
The generated text is : AZAL Arena is located in Baku.
The generated text is : AZAL PFK play in the Azerbaijan Premier League.
The generated text is : AZ Alkmaar played in the Eredivisie in the 2014-15 season.
The generated text is : Akron, Ohio is in the United States.
The generated text is : Akron is located in Summit County, Ohio.
The generated text is : The full name of Akron Summit Assault is Akron Metro Futbol Club Summit Assault.
The generated text is : Eberhard van der Laan is the leader of Amsterdam.
The generated text is : Christian Panucci plays for Chelsea F.C.
The generated text is : Christian Panucci plays for Inter Milan.
The generated text is : Frank de Boer plays for FC Barcelona.
The generated text is : Gubbio is located in Umbria.
The generated text is : Sergio Mattarella is the leader of Italy.
The generated text is : Jens Härtel plays for FC Sachsen Leipzig.
The generated text is : Jorge Humberto Rodriguez plays for FC Dallas.
The generated text is : Luciano Spalletti plays for Udinese Calcio.
The generated text is : Massimo Drago played for A.S.D. S.S. Nola 1925.
The generated text is : Michele Marcolini plays for Atalanta BC.
The generated text is : Michele Marcolini plays for Vicenza Calcio.
The generated text is : Peter Stöger plays for 1. FC Koln.
The generated text is : Rolando Maran plays for F.C. Bari 1908.
The generated text is : Jong Ajax is a tenant of Sportpark De Toekomst.
The generated text is : St. Vincent-St. Mary High School is located in the United States.
The generated text is : The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba.
The generated text is : The president of Acharya Institute of Technology is B.M. Reddy.
The generated text is : Kerala has Mahe, India to its northwest.
The generated text is : Meride is a neighbouring municipality to Mendrisio.
The generated text is : The capital of Romania is Bucharest.
The generated text is : The Dean of the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is Thomas Pallesen.
The generated text is : The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has 16000 students.
The generated text is : Alan Bean is a United States national.
The generated text is : Buzz Aldrin was the backup pilot of Apollo 8.
The generated text is : Buzz Aldrin graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 with a Sc.D.
The generated text is : Buzz Aldrin was a crew member of Apollo 11.
The generated text is : Buzz Aldrin was selected by NASA in 1963.
The generated text is : Benitoite is a gemstone found in California.
The generated text is : Elliot See died on February 28, 1966.
The generated text is : Elliot See died in St. Louis.
The generated text is : Elliot See is deceased.
The generated text is : Kevin Eastman is the creator of April O'Neil.
The generated text is : Bananaman was broadcast by the BBC.
The generated text is : The full name of Ben Urich is Benjamin Urich.
The generated text is : Bibbo Bibbowski was created by Jerry Ordway.
The generated text is : The full name of Bibbo Bibbowski is Bo Bibbowski.
The generated text is : Bill Oddie was born in Lancashire.
The generated text is : Jon Valor is the alternative name for the Black Pirate.
The generated text is : John Buscema won the Eisner Award.
The generated text is : Karl Kesel is an American.
The generated text is : Marv Wolfman won the Kirby Award.
The generated text is : Peter Laird is a United States national.
The generated text is : Scott Adsit was born in Northbrook, Illinois.
The generated text is : The area code for Albany, Georgia is "229".
The generated text is : Albany, Oregon is part of the United States.
The generated text is : The leader of Albuquerque, New Mexico is known as the Mayor.
The generated text is : The leader of Albuquerque, New Mexico is the New Mexico House of Representatives.
The generated text is : The leader of Albuquerque, New Mexico is the New Mexico Senate.
The generated text is : Amarillo, Texas has a total area of 233.9 square kilometres.
The generated text is : Amarillo is part of Randall County, Texas.
The generated text is : Anderson is part of Richland Township, Madison County, Indiana.
The generated text is : Angola, Indiana is 324.0 above sea level.
The generated text is : The area code of Antioch, California is 925.
The generated text is : Antioch is part of Contra Costa County, California.
The generated text is : Arlington, Texas has a population density of 1472.0 inhabitants per square kilometre.
The generated text is : Kasim Reed is the leader of Atlanta.
The generated text is : Atlantic City, New Jersey has a total area of 44.125 square kilometres.
The generated text is : Atlantic City is part of New Jersey.
The generated text is : Attica, Indiana is 166.0 above sea level.
The generated text is : Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama.
The generated text is : The total area of Auburn, Washington is 77.41 square kilometres.
The generated text is : Austin is part of Texas.
The generated text is : The Spanish language is spoken in California.
The generated text is : Dunwoody is the largest city in DeKalb County, Georgia.
The generated text is : Fulton County, Georgia is in the United States.
The generated text is : Anderson is the county seat of Madison County, Indiana.
The generated text is : Michigan is in the United States.
The generated text is : Detroit is the largest city in Michigan.
The generated text is : Orange County, California is in the United States.
The generated text is : Portland is the largest city in Oregon.
The generated text is : Fort Worth is the largest city in Tarrant County, Texas.
The generated text is : Barack Obama is the leader of the United States.
The generated text is : The United States House of Representatives is located at the United States Capitol.
The generated text is : Pecorino Romano is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce.
The generated text is : Chili pepper is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce.
The generated text is : White rice is an ingredient in Arrs negre.
The generated text is : Arros negre is from the Catalonia region.
The generated text is : Arros negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community.
The generated text is : Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore.
The generated text is : Tomato is an ingredient in a BLT.
The generated text is : Baked Alaska is from Hong Kong.
The generated text is : Bakewell pudding can be served warm or cold.
The generated text is : Bandeja paisa is a Colombian dish.
The generated text is : Chicharrón is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa.
The generated text is : Bandeja paisa comes from the Paisa region.
The generated text is : Barny cakes have a serving size of 30.0g.
The generated text is : Batagor is a variation of Shumai.
The generated text is : The main ingredients of batagor are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce.
The generated text is : Shrimp is an ingredient in Batchoy.
The generated text is : Beef kway teow is a dish from Indonesia.
The generated text is : Bhaji and bajji are alternative names for bhajji.
The generated text is : Taro is an ingredient in Binignit.
The generated text is : Bionico can be varied by using cottage cheese.
The generated text is : Bionico is from the Jalisco region.
The generated text is : Chicken is a bird.
The generated text is : The currency of India is the Indian rupee.
The generated text is : Sumitra Mahajan is a leader in India.
The generated text is : Indonesian is the language spoken in Indonesia.
The generated text is : Aristoteles Sandoval is the leader of Jalisco.
The generated text is : The Banyumasan people are an ethnic group in Java.
The generated text is : Malaysian Malay is an ethnic group in Malaysia.
The generated text is : Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of Mexico.
The generated text is : Spanish is a language spoken in New York.
The generated text is : Shumai is a dish from China.
The generated text is : Peanut sauce is an ingredient of Siomay.
The generated text is : Malays are an ethnic group in Sumatra.
The generated text is : David Cameron is the leader of the United Kingdom.
The generated text is : The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property.
The generated text is : The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield, Frederick, Maryland.
The generated text is : The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku and is located in Azerbaijan.
The generated text is : The native name of the Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is Turk Sehitleri Aniti. It is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku.
The generated text is : Akron, Ohio is in the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
The generated text is : Albany is part of Oregon where the capital is Salem.
The generated text is : The leader of Albuquerque, New Mexico is the United States House of Representatives.
The generated text is : Amarillo is part of Texas in the United States.
The generated text is : Anaheim, California is lead by the United States House of Representatives and is part of California.
The generated text is : Anaheim is part of Orange County, California, United States.
The generated text is : Anderson is part of Adams Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States.
The generated text is : Antioch, California is 13.0 above sea level and has a total area of 75.324 square kilometres.
The generated text is : Arlington, Texas is 184.0 above sea level and has a total area of 258.2 square kilometres.
The generated text is : Arlington is part of Texas in the United States.
The generated text is : Atlanta is part of Georgia in the United States.
The generated text is : Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of Atlantic County, New Jersey in the United States.
The generated text is : Atlantic City, New Jersey is in the United States where the capital is Washington D.C.
The generated text is : Atlantic City is part of Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States.
The generated text is : Atlantic City, New Jersey has a total area of 44.125 square kilometres and a population density of 1421.2 inhabitants per square kilometre.
The generated text is : Auburn is part of Pierce County, Washington in the United States.
The generated text is : Albany, Oregon is part of the United States where the capital is Washington D.C.
The generated text is : Amarillo, Texas is located in the United States where the capital is Washington D.C.
The generated text is : African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where Albuquerque, New Mexico is located.
The generated text is : Albany, Georgia is part of the United States where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
The generated text is : Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where Auburn, Alabama is located.
The generated text is : English is the language of the United States where Akron, Ohio is located.
The generated text is : Albuquerque, New Mexico is in the United States where the leader is known as the President.
The generated text is : Tomato is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce which comes from Italy.
The generated text is : Arem-arem is a food found in Indonesia, where Jusuf Kalla is the leader.
The generated text is : Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy where the language is Italian.
The generated text is : Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy where Sergio Mattarella is the leader.
The generated text is : Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy and contains chili pepper.
The generated text is : Arros negre is a traditional dish from the region of the Valencian Community in Spain.
The generated text is : Asam pedas is a dish from Indonesia and the main ingredients are fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce.
The generated text is : Ayam penyet is a dish from Indonesia and Malaysia.
The generated text is : The BLT is a variation of the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich.
The generated text is : The main ingredients of a Bacon Explosion are bacon and sausage.
The generated text is : The bacon sandwich (also known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin) contains bacon.
The generated text is : Bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of the BLT.
The generated text is : Sponge cake is an ingredient of Baked Alaska which comes from France.
The generated text is : Baked Alaska is from France where Manuel Valls is the leader.
The generated text is : Meringue is an ingredient of Baked Alaska which comes from the United States.
The generated text is : A variation of Bakewell pudding is Bakewell tart which contains fruit preserves.
The generated text is : Vermicelli is an ingredient in Bakso which is a dish from Indonesia.
The generated text is : Celery belongs to the family of Apiaceae and is an ingredient in Bakso.
The generated text is : Chicharrón is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa which is part of Colombian cuisine.
The generated text is : Barny cakes can be found in France where the leader is Claude Bartolone.
The generated text is : Peanut sauce is an ingredient in the Indonesian dish of batagor.
The generated text is : Peanut sauce is an ingredient of Batagor which is a variation of Siomay.
The generated text is : Palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from Singapore.
The generated text is : Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore where Halimah Yacob is the leader.
The generated text is : Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of beef kway teow which is popular in Singapore and Indonesia.
The generated text is : Bhajji comes from the country of India where the people are called Indians.
The generated text is : Bhajji originates from India where the leader is T S Thakur.
The generated text is : Binignit is a dish from the Philippines where the Igorot people are an ethnic group.
The generated text is : The main ingredient of binignit is banana and it comes from the Philippines.
The generated text is : The main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato and banana.
The generated text is : Bionico is a food found in Mexico where Enrique Pena Nieto is the leader.
The generated text is : Granola is an ingredient in Bionico which is a food found in Guadalajara.
The generated text is : Bionico is a dessert, as is cake.
The generated text is : Bakso is a food found in Indonesia where Joko Widodo is the leader.
The generated text is : Batagor is a variation of Shumai which contains shiitake mushrooms.
The generated text is : Aarhus Lufthavn A/S is the operating organisation for Aarhus Airport which has a runway length of 2777.0.
The generated text is : Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas and is 610 metres above sea level.
The generated text is : Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500.
The generated text is : Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh.
The generated text is : Al Asad Airbase is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq and has a runway length of 3090.
The generated text is : Al Asad Airbase is located in Iraq where Arabic is spoken.
The generated text is : Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who fought in the Invasion of Grenada.
The generated text is : The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made of Poaceae which belongs to the class Monocotyledon.
The generated text is : The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made of asphalt and has a length of 877.0.
The generated text is : Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan where the leader is Anwar Zaheer Jamali.
The generated text is : Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan and has a runway length of 2900.0.
The generated text is : Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is -3.3528 metres above sea level and has a 1st runway length of 3800 metres.
The generated text is : Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is -3.3528 above sea level and the 1st runway is made of asphalt.
The generated text is : Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam and has a runway length of 2014.0.
The generated text is : Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam and has a runway length of 3300.0.
The generated text is : Andrews County Airport is located in Houston, Texas.
The generated text is : Angola International Airport serves the city of Luanda and has a runway length of 3800.0.
The generated text is : The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made of Poaceae and has a length of 597.0.
The generated text is : Ashgabat International Airport is 211 metres above sea level and its 1st runway is 12467 feet long.
The generated text is : Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines which has its headquarters in Turkmenistan.
The generated text is : Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States.
The generated text is : The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the operating organisation for Atlantic City International Airport which has the runway name 4/22.
The generated text is : The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the operating organisation of Atlantic City International Airport which has a runway length of 3048.0.
The generated text is : Afonso Pena International Airport is operated by Infraero which is located in Brasilia.
The generated text is : 1 FC Magdeburg has 27250 members and played in the 2014-15 Regionalliga season.
The generated text is : A.C. Chievo Verona has 39371 members and their ground is in Verona, Italy.
The generated text is : The manager of A.C. Chievo Verona is Rolando Maran who was born in Italy.
The generated text is : A.D. Isidro Metapan's manager is Jorge Humberto Rodriguez who plays for FC Dallas.
The generated text is : A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and played in the 2014-15 A EPSTH Greece season.
The generated text is : The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker who plays for Blackburn Rovers F.C.
The generated text is : The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker who played football for Irlam Town F.C.
The generated text is : AFC Fylde's ground is in Lancashire and they have 3180 members.
The generated text is : A.S. Gubbio 1910 has 5300 members and their ground is in Gubbio.
The generated text is : A.S. Livorno Calcio's ground is in Livorno and they play in Serie B.
The generated text is : A.S. Livorno Calcio are managed by Christian Panucci who plays for A.S. Roma.
The generated text is : Paulo Sousa is the manager of ACF Fiorentina and plays for Juventus F.C.
The generated text is : ACF Fiorentina (abbreviated to ACF Fiorentina S.p.A.) has 47290 members.
The generated text is : AEK Athens F.C. has 69618 members and their ground is in Greece.
The generated text is : AEK Athens F.C.'s ground is the Olympic Stadium (Athens) and they play in the Superleague Greece.
The generated text is : AFC Ajax (amateurs)'s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst where Jong Ajax is a tenant.
The generated text is : AZAL Arena is the ground of AZAL PFK which is located in Shuvalan, Baku, Azerbaijan.
The generated text is : Akron Summit Assault has 3000 members and played in the 2011 PDL season.
The generated text is : The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Gubbio, Umbria.
The generated text is : Pietro Grasso is the leader of Italy where the ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located.
The generated text is : Luciano Spalletti manages A.S. Roma and plays for Empoli F.C.
The generated text is : Eric Flint is the author of 1634: The Bavarian Crisis which was preceded by The Grantville Gazettes.
The generated text is : Virginia DeMarce is the author of 1634: The Ram Rebellion which is available as an E book.
The generated text is : AIP Advances (abbreviated to AIP Adv.) has the EISSN number 2158.
The generated text is : A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by J.V. Jones and is available in print form.
The generated text is : A Fortress of Grey Ice has 672 pages and the ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6.
The generated text is : A Glastonbury Romance, written by John Cowper Powys, was followed by Weymouth Sands.
The generated text is : A Long Long Way was published in Print & Paperback and has the OCLC number 57392246.
The generated text is : A Long Long Way has 292 pages and the ISBN number 0-670-03380-4.
The generated text is : A Long Long Way was published by Viking Press whose parent company is Penguin Random House.
The generated text is : A Loyal Character Dancer was written by Qiu Xiaolong and is available in print form.
The generated text is : A Severed Wasp has the OCLC number 8805735 and the ISBN number 0-374-26131-8.
The generated text is : A Severed Wasp is available in hardcover and has the OCLC number 8805735.
The generated text is : A Severed Wasp is written in English which is spoken in Great Britain.
The generated text is : A Severed Wasp was published in print and has the ISBN number 0-374-26131-8.
The generated text is : Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg is published by Springer Science+Business Media, founded by Julius Springer.
The generated text is : Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is a Fantasy book with the ISBN number 0-439-92550-9.
The generated text is : Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has the OCLC number 78771100 and the ISBN number 0-439-92550-9.
The generated text is : Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was followed by Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener's Bones which was written by Brandon Sanderson.
The generated text is : The American Journal of Mathematics (abbreviated to Am. J. Math) comes under the academic discipline of Mathematics.
The generated text is : The American Journal of Mathematics is published by Johns Hopkins University Press whose parent company is Johns Hopkins University.
The generated text is : 1634 The Ram Rebellion is from the United States where the capital is Washington D.C.
The generated text is : A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where the capital is Washington D.C.
The generated text is : A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
The generated text is : A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
The generated text is : A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
The generated text is : The nickname of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University in Alba is Uab.
The generated text is : Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum.
The generated text is : The president of the Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore is B.M. Reddy.
The generated text is : Acharya Institute of Technology was given the 'Technical Campus' status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai.
The generated text is : AWH Engineering College is located in the state of Kerala where the leader is Kochi.
The generated text is : April O'Neil was created by Peter Laird who is a US national.
The generated text is : Bananaman, starring Jill Shilling, was broadcast by the BBC.
The generated text is : Graeme Garden starred in Bananaman which was broadcast by STV.
The generated text is : Tim Brooke-Taylor was born in Derbyshire and starred in Bananaman.
The generated text is : Alan Tudyk starred in the film Big Hero 6 where Baymax first appeared in the film.
The generated text is : Baymax first appeared in the film Big Hero 6 starring Scott Adsit.
The generated text is : Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 and was created by Steven T. Seagle.
The generated text is : The comic book character Ben Urich, whose full name is Benjamin Urich, was created by Roger McKenzie.
The generated text is : Bibbo Bibbowski was created by Jerry Ordway and Marv Wolfman.
The generated text is : Bibbo Bibbowski's full name is Bo Bibbowski and he was created by Marv Wolfman.
The generated text is : Alan Bean was born on March 15, 1932 and is now retired.
The generated text is : Alan Shepard was a test pilot who has died.
The generated text is : Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on 1930-01-20.
The generated text is : Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, Essex County, New Jersey.
The generated text is : William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and was a crew member of Apollo 8.
The generated text is : William Anders graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M.S. He is now retired.
The generated text is : 108 St. Georges Terrace was completed in 1988 and has 50 floors.
The generated text is : 200 Public Square has 45 floors and is located in the United States.
The generated text is : 20 Fenchurch Street has 34 floors and a floor area of 62145.3 square metres.
The generated text is : 300 North LaSalle has 60 floors and is located in Chicago.
The generated text is : The architect of 320 South Boston Building is George Winkler who was born in the United States.
The generated text is : HOK SVE was the architect of 3Arena which is located at East Link Bridge.
The generated text is : The 3Arena in Dublin was designed by the company Populous.
The generated text is : Marriott International is the tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen.
The generated text is : George Richard Pain was the architect of Adare Manor which was completed in 1862.
The generated text is : Adare Manor is located in Adare, County Limerick.
The generated text is : Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia.
The generated text is : Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka and has the architectural style of Tudor Revival.
The generated text is : Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka and has the architectural style of Tudor Revival.
The generated text is : The Brazilians are an ethnic group in Japan where the Akita Museum of Art is located.
The generated text is : The Akita Museum of Art has 3 floors and is located at 1-4-2 Nakadori.
The generated text is : Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat at Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, near CEPT University, opp. Gujarat University, University Road.
The generated text is : Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka, where Austin Fernando is the leader.
The generated text is : Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, United States.
The generated text is : Asser Levy Public Baths are located in Brooklyn, New York City.
The generated text is : Adare Manor is located in County Limerick, Munster.
The generated text is : 3Arena is located in Dublin, Republic of Ireland.
The generated text is : Alan Bean is a US national who was born in Wheeler, Texas and is now retired.
The generated text is : Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and is a citizen of the United States where Joe Biden is a leader.
The generated text is : Buzz Aldrin is a US national who graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 with a Sc.D. He was selected by NASA in 1963.
The generated text is : Elliot See was born in Dallas and attended the University of Texas at Austin.
The generated text is : Elliot See graduated from the University of Texas at Austin and was selected by NASA in 1962. He died in St. Louis.
The generated text is : Elliot See graduated from the University of Texas at Austin and died in St. Louis where Francis G. Slay is a leader.
The generated text is : Elliot See died in St. Louis, part of the Kingdom of France, on February 28, 1966.
The generated text is : Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire where the purple finch is a bird. He spent 13017 minutes in space.
The generated text is : Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint are the authors of 1634: The Bavarian Crisis which is available in print and has 448 pages.
The generated text is : 1634: The Ram Rebellion was preceded by 1634: The Galileo Affair and is written in English which is spoken in Great Britain.
The generated text is : ACM Transactions on Information Systems is published by the Association for Computing Machinery which has its headquarters in New York City and is led by Alexander L. Wolf.
The generated text is : The AIDS (journal) comes under the academic discipline HIV/AIDS and has the ISSN number 0269-9370.
The generated text is : The AIDS (journal) comes under the academic discipline of HIV/AIDS and has the ISSN number 1473-5571.
The generated text is : The editor of AIP Advances is A.T. Charlie Johnson who lives in the United States and whose almaMater is Stanford University.
The generated text is : A Fortress of Grey Ice, written by J.V. Jones, has the OCLC number 51969173 and the ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6.
The generated text is : Qiu Xiaolong is the author of A Loyal Character Dancer which has the OCLC number 49805501 and the ISBN number 1-56947-301-3.
The generated text is : A Loyal Character Dancer is written in English and published by Soho Press in the United States.
The generated text is : A Severed Wasp originates from the United States and is written in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain.
The generated text is : A Severed Wasp is available in hardcover and has 388 pages. The OCLC number is 8805735.
The generated text is : Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg (abbreviated to Abh. Math. Semin. Univ. Hambg.) has the ISSN number 1865-8784 and the LCCN number 32024459.
The generated text is : Above the Veil is the sequel to Aenir, written in English and written by Australians.
The generated text is : Aenir, written by Garth Nix, was followed by Above the Veil, which is written in English.
The generated text is : Above the Veil, written by Garth Nix, is available in hardcover and has 248 pages.
The generated text is : Acta Palaeontologica Polonica (abbreviated to Acta Palaeontol. Pol.) has the ISSN number 0567-7920 and the LCCN number 60040714.
The generated text is : The Addiction journal (abbreviated to Addiction) comes under the academic discipline of Addiction and has the ISSN number 1360-0443.
The generated text is : John Wiley & Sons is the parent company of Wiley-Blackwell, the publisher of Addiction (journal) which has the ISSN number 0965-2140.
The generated text is : Cornell University in New York is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly and is affiliated with the Association of American Universities.
The generated text is : Aenir is written in English and was followed by Above the Veil. It was written by Garth Nix.
The generated text is : Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English which is spoken in Great Britain. The book is from the United States.
The generated text is : Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is available in hardcover and has 320 pages. The OCLC number is 78771100.
The generated text is : Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States, where English is spoken, as in Great Britain.
The generated text is : John Cowper Powys was born in Shirley, Derbyshire and died in Blaenau Ffestiniog. He wrote A Glastonbury Romance.
The generated text is : Sara Miller McCune is the founder of SAGE Publications which publishes Administrative Science Quarterly which has the ISSN number 0001-8392.
The generated text is : A severed Wasp originates from the United States where the Native Americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is Washington DC.
The generated text is : A Wizard of Mars was published in English in the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
The generated text is : A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where the capital city is Washington D.C. and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
The generated text is : A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
The generated text is : 1634 The Ram Rebellion was written in the United States where the leader is known as the President and African Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
The generated text is : A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where the leader is known as the President and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
The generated text is : The manager of 1 FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel who plays for 1. FC Lokomotive Leipzig and SV Germania Schoneiche.
The generated text is : Massimo Drago has been manager of A.C. Cesena and played for A.S.D. Licata 1931 and A.S.D. S.S. Nola 1925.
The generated text is : Associazione Calcio Lumezzane SpA (abbreviated to A.C. Lumezzane) has 4150 members and play in the Lega Pro/A.
The generated text is : Jorge Humberto Rodrguez manages the A.D. Isidro Metapan and plays for Alianza F.C. and the El Salvador national football team.
The generated text is : The ground of A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Efxeinoupoli. It has 1500 members and its chairman is Antonis Milionis.
The generated text is : The full name of A.F.C. Blackpool is "Association Football Club Blackpool" and they have 1500 members. Their ground is in Blackpool.
The generated text is : The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker who played football for Chesterfield FC and Runcorn FC Halton.
The generated text is : Dave Challinor has been manager of A.F.C. Fylde and plays for Stockport County FC and Colwyn Bay FC.
The generated text is : Livorno Calcio S.p.A. (abbreviated to A.S. Livorno Calcio) has 19238 members and their ground is located in Livorno, Italy.
The generated text is : A.S. Livorno Calcio, managed by Christian Panucci, play in Serie B, whose champions are Carpi F.C. 1909.
The generated text is : The manager of A.S. Livorno Calcio is Christian Panucci who plays for Chelsea FC and Real Madrid C.F.
The generated text is : AEK Athens F.C.'s ground is in Greece and they play in the Superleague Greece. Olympiacos F.C. have been champions of the Superleague Greece.
The generated text is : The manager of AEK Athens F.C. is Gus Poyet who played for Real Zaragoza and Chelsea F.C.
The generated text is : The ground of AFC Ajax (amateurs) is located in Amsterdam which is led by Eberhard van der Laan and has the Amsterdam-Centrum as part of it.
The generated text is : The ground of AFC Ajax (amateurs) is located in Amsterdam, Amsterdam-Noord. The leader of Amsterdam is Eberhard van der Laan.
The generated text is : John van den Brom manages AZ Alkmaar and plays for both Jong Ajax and Istanbulspor A.S.
The generated text is : Agremiaço Sportiva Arapiraquense play at the Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil.
The generated text is : Luciano Spalletti plays for Udinese Calcio and Empoli F.C. He is also the manager of AS Roma.
The generated text is : Massimo Drago plays for S.S. Chieti Calcio and A.S.D. Licata 1931. He also manages A.C. Cesena.
The generated text is : Massimo Drago plays for U.S Castrovillari Calcio and A.C. Cesena. He also plays for A.S.D. S.S. Nola 1925.
The generated text is : Massimo Drago manages A.C. Cesena and plays for U.S Castrovillari Calcio and S.S. Chieti Calcio.
The generated text is : 103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin who was born in Birmingham.
The generated text is : 200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio, where Frank G Jackson is a leader.
The generated text is : 250 Delaware Avenue has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843.8 square metres. It is located in the United States.
The generated text is : 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, DuPage County, Illinois, where Rahm Emanuel is a leader.
The generated text is : The architect of 320 South Boston Building, which has 22 floors, is George Winkler from the United States.
The generated text is : HOK SVE was the architect of 3Arena which was completed in December 2008 and is located at North Wall Quay.
The generated text is : Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen which has 23 floors and is located in Denmark.
The generated text is : Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen which was designed by architect 3XN and has 23 floors.
The generated text is : The architect Augustus Pugin was born in Bloomsbury and designed Adare Manor and the Palace of Westminster.
The generated text is : Philip Charles Hardwick was the architect of Adare Manor which was completed in 1862 and is owned by J.P. McManus.
The generated text is : Adisham Hall in Haputale was completed in 1931 and has the architectural style of Tudor and Jacobean.
The generated text is : Adisham Hall in Sri Lanka was completed in 1931 and has the architectural style of Tudor and Jacobean.
The generated text is : Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka, where the leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe.
The generated text is : Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka, where the capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and the currency is the Sri Lankan rupee.
The generated text is : The Mason School of Business, located in the United States, are the current tenants of Alan B. Miller Hall, whose construction began on 30 March 2007.
The generated text is : San Francisco born Julia Morgan designed the grounds of Asilomar Conference and the Riverside Art Museum.
The generated text is : Julia Morgan was born in California and designed significant buildings in Chinatown, San Francisco and the grounds of Asilomar Conference.
The generated text is : Asilomar Conference Grounds is located at Asilomar Blvd., Pacific Grove, California and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987 with the reference number 87000823.
The generated text is : Asser Levy Public Baths is located on Avenue A, Manhattan and was constructed in 1904. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980-04-23.
The generated text is : Asser Levy Public Baths, constructed in 1904, is located in New York City and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980-04-23.
The generated text is : 103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin who was born in Birmingham which is lead by the Conservative Party (UK).
The generated text is : 103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin who was born in Birmingham where the Liberal Democrats are the leaders.
The generated text is : Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, where the leader is Hailemariam Desalegn.
The generated text is : Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat where the leader is Anandiben Patel.
The generated text is : Bill Marriott is a key person at Marriott International which is located in Bethesda, Maryland and is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen.
The generated text is : Albany is part of Dougherty County, Georgia in the United States, where one of the ethnic groups is Asian Americans.
The generated text is : Albuquerque, New Mexico has a population density of 1142.3 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 490.9 square kilometres. Its leader is the New Mexico Senate.
The generated text is : Alpharetta is part of Fulton County, Georgia in the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
The generated text is : Alpharetta is part of the state of Georgia in the United States where one of the ethnic groups is Asian Americans.
The generated text is : Alpharetta, Georgia is located in the United States, where the capital is Washington D.C. and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
The generated text is : Anaheim, California has a total area of 131.6 square kilometres and the area codes 657 and 714. The UTC offset is -7.
The generated text is : The California State Senate is located at the California State Capitol and is the leader of Anaheim, California.
The generated text is : Anderson is part of Lafayette Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States.
The generated text is : Angola, Indiana is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, Indiana, United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
The generated text is : Antioch, California is part of Contra Costa County which is part of the San Francisco Bay Area. The leader of Antioch is the United States House of Representatives.
The generated text is : Arlington is part of Tarrant County, Texas in the United States. The county seat is Fort Worth.
The generated text is : Atlanta is located in the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
The generated text is : Atlanta has a total area of 347.1 square kilometres and a population density of 1299.0 inhabitants per square kilometre. The area code is 404.
The generated text is : Atlantic City is part of New Jersey in the United States. The largest city in New Jersey is Newark.
The generated text is : Atlantic City is part of Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States, where New York City is the largest city.
The generated text is : Auburn is part of Lee County in Alabama, United States.
The generated text is : Washington D.C. is the capital of the United States where Auburn is part of the state.
The generated text is : Auburn is part of Washington state, United States, where Olympia is the capital.
The generated text is : Atlanta is the capital of the U.S. state of Georgia where Albany is located in Dougherty County.
The generated text is : Anderson is the largest city in Madison County, Indiana, United States. Alexandria is also part of Madison County.
The generated text is : Atlantic City is part of New Jersey in the United States. The capital of New Jersey is Trenton.
The generated text is : Arlington is part of Texas where the largest city is Houston and the language spoken is English.
The generated text is : Washington DC is the capital of the United States where Attica is located in Fountain County, Indiana.
The generated text is : Washington DC is the capital of the United States where Attica is part of Fountain County, Indiana.
The generated text is : Akron, Ohio is located in the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. and the language spoken is English.
The generated text is : Akron, Ohio is part of Summit County, Ohio in the United States where one of the ethnic groups is Asian Americans.
The generated text is : Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where Albany is located in Benton County, Oregon.
The generated text is : Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
The generated text is : English is the language of the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group and Albany, Georgia is located.
The generated text is : Angola, Indiana is located in the United States where the language is English and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
The generated text is : Aarhus Lufthavn A/S is the operating organisation for Aarhus Airport which has a runway length of 2776.0 and a runway name of 10R/28L.
The generated text is : Adirondack Regional Airport serves the cities of Lake Placid and Saranac Lake, New York. Its runway length is 2003.0.
The generated text is : Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Paracuellos de Jarama, Madrid, Spain.
The generated text is : Agra Airport in Uttar Pradesh is operated by the Indian Air Force and has the ICAO Location Identifier VIAG.
The generated text is : Al Asad Airbase in Iraq is operated by the United States Air Force and has a runway length of 3992.88.
The generated text is : Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who bombed Libya in 1986 and deploy the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle fighter aircraft.
The generated text is : Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who fought in the Invasion of Grenada and deploy the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle aircraft fighter.
The generated text is : Alderney is served by Alderney airport which has a 1st runway made of poaceae and a runway length of 877.0.
The generated text is : Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan and is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority which has its headquarters at Jinnah International Airport.
The generated text is : Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan. The runway name is 18L/36R and it has a length of 2900.0.
The generated text is : Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan, United States and is 210 metres above sea level.
The generated text is : Andrews County Airport in Texas is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1773.0.
The generated text is : Andrews County Airport in Texas is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896.
The generated text is : Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where the capital is Austin and the language spoken is English.
The generated text is : Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States, where the people are known as Tejano.
The generated text is : Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium where German is spoken.
The generated text is : Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States.
The generated text is : Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey which has its headquarters at the Four World Trade Center and serves the region of New Jersey.
The generated text is : Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States and has a runway length of 3048.0.
The generated text is : Allama Iqbal International Airport serves the city of Lahore in Pakistan where the leader is Anwar Zaheer Jamali.
The generated text is : Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, which is part of the community of Madrid. The leader party of Madrid is Ahora Madrid.
The generated text is : Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Spain, where the leader party is Ahora Madrid.
The generated text is : Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes, Spain, where the leader party is the People's Party.
The generated text is : The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania, United States, which has Carrol County, Maryland to its southeast.
The generated text is : The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Gettysburg, Adams County, Pennsylvania, which has Carrol County, Maryland to its southeast.
The generated text is : The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, also known as Turk Sehitleri Aniti, is located in Baku, the capital of Azerbaijan.
The generated text is : The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan where the leader is Artur Rasizade and the legislature is the National Assembly.
The generated text is : The Atatürk Monument (zmir) is located in Turkey where the capital is Ankara and the leader is Ahmet Davutoglu.
The generated text is : Guanciale is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce which comes from the Lazio region of Italy.
The generated text is : Arem-arem is a Javanese dish made from compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
The generated text is : Tomato belongs to the division of flowering plants and the family of Solanaceae. It is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce.
The generated text is : Olive oil is an ingredient of Arrabbiata sauce which comes from the region of Rome, Italy.
The generated text is : Tomato is an ingredient of Arrabbiata sauce which comes from Rome, Italy.
The generated text is : Asam pedas is a dish from the Malay Peninsula region of Malaysia. The main ingredients are fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce.
The generated text is : Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia where the capital is Kuala Lumpur and the leader is Arifin Zakaria.
The generated text is : Ayam penyet is a dish from Indonesia and Malaysia, where the Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group.
The generated text is : Lettuce is an ingredient in a BLT which is a variation of a club sandwich and a bacon sandwich.
The generated text is : The Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and White Americans are an ethnic group.
The generated text is : Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where John Roberts is a leader and the capital is Washington D.C.
The generated text is : Bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of the BLT and club sandwich.
The generated text is : Sponge cake is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which comes from France and New York.
The generated text is : Baked Alaska is from France where the leader is Manuel Valls and the currency is the Euro.
The generated text is : Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which comes from the New York region of the United States.
The generated text is : Sponge cake is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which is a dessert. A cookie is also a dessert.
The generated text is : Bakewell pudding is a dessert from the Derbyshire Dales region and the main ingredients are ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs.
The generated text is : Bakewell pudding comes from the Derbyshire Dales region and is a variation of bakewell tart. The main ingredients are ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs.
The generated text is : Beef is an ingredient in Bakso which comes from Indonesia.
The generated text is : Avocado is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa which is part of Colombian cuisine and is from the Paisa region.
The generated text is : Bandeja paisa is a dish from the Paisa region of Colombia and contains hogao.
The generated text is : Barny cakes can be found in France where Claude Bartolone and Manuel Valls are leaders.
The generated text is : Batchoy is a dish from the Philippines and the main ingredients are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
The generated text is : Batchoy comes from the Philippines and the main ingredients are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
The generated text is : Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapore and Indonesia. Tony Tan is the leader of Singapore.
The generated text is : Sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is popular in Indonesia and Singapore.
The generated text is : Oyster sauce is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from Singapore and Indonesia.
The generated text is : Sumitra Mahajan is a leader in India where the currency is the rupee and bhajji is a traditional dish.
The generated text is : Banana is an ingredient in binignit which is a dessert. A cookie is also a dessert.
The generated text is : Binignit contains sago and is a dessert, as is a cookie.
The generated text is : Taro is an ingredient in binignit which is a dessert. A cookie is also a dessert.
The generated text is : The main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato (of the order Solanales) and banana.
The generated text is : Granola is an ingredient in Bionico which is a dessert found in Mexico.
The generated text is : Bionico is a food found in Guadalajara, Mexico and contains raisins.
The generated text is : Bionico is a food found in Mexico where the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo and the currency is the peso.
The generated text is : Pietro Grasso is the leader of Italy where the capital is Rome and Amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce.
The generated text is : Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines where Arabic is spoken and the Igorot people are an ethnic group.
The generated text is : Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore where English is spoken and the leader is Tony Tan.
The generated text is : Tomato belongs to the family of Solanaceae and the order of Solanales. It is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce.
The generated text is : The AWH Engineering College in Kerala, India has 250 academic staff.
The generated text is : The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The generated text is : AWH Engineering College is located in Kerala which has Mahe, India to its northwest. Kerala's leader is Kochi.
The generated text is : The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania, where the national anthem is Deșteaptă-te, române! and one of the ethnic groups is the Germans of Romania.
The generated text is : The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania. The country's leader is Klaus Iohannis and its ethnic group is the Germans of Romania.
The generated text is : The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussels.
The generated text is : The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark was established in 1928.
The generated text is : The comic character Astérix was created by Albert Uderzo and the French national René Goscinny.
The generated text is : Tim Brooke-Taylor starred in Bananaman which was broadcast by the BBC and last aired on 15th April 1986.
The generated text is : Baymax first appeared in the film Big Hero 6 which was distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures and starred Scott Adsit.
The generated text is : Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures is the distributor of the film Big Hero 6, which stars Scott Adsit. Baymax is a character in the film.
The generated text is : Baymax is a character in the film Big Hero 6, which stars Ryan Potter and is distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures.
The generated text is : The comic character Blockbuster, also known as Mark Desmond, was created by Gardner Fox and Carmine Infantino.
The generated text is : The comic character Bolt, also known as Larry Bolatinsky, was created by Dan Mishkin and Gary Cohn.
The generated text is : The comic character Bolt, also known as Larry Bolatinsky, was created by Ernie Colon and Gary Cohn.
The generated text is : Construction of 103 Colmore Row in Birmingham began in 1973 and was completed in 1976. It has 23 floors.
The generated text is : 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, the capital of which is Cape Town. South Africa's ethnic groups include the Asian South Africans and the Coloured.
The generated text is : 200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States. The governing body of Cleveland is Cleveland City Council.
The generated text is : 250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo, New York and cost 110 million dollars. It has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843.8 square metres.
The generated text is : 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, Cook County, Illinois, United States. The leader of Chicago is Rahm Emanuel.
The generated text is : 300 North LaSalle is located in Illinois and was completed in 2009. It has 60 floors and a floor area of 120770.0 square metres.
The generated text is : 3Arena is located in Dublin, Leinster, Republic of Ireland and is owned by Live Nation Entertainment.
The generated text is : Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen which was designed by architect 3XN and has 23 floors.
The generated text is : Adare Manor is located in Adare, County Limerick which is part of Munster and is governed by Limerick City and County Council.
The generated text is : The Brazilians are an ethnic group in Japan where the Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture.
The generated text is : The Filipinos are an ethnic group in Japan where the Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture.
The generated text is : The Vietnamese people are an ethnic group in Japan where the Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture.
The generated text is : The Brazilians are an ethnic group in Japan where the Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture.
The generated text is : The College of William and Mary is the owner of Alan B Miller Hall which was completed on 1 June 2009 and is located at 101 Ukrop Way, Williamsburg, Virginia.
The generated text is : Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India. Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders in India.
The generated text is : Asilomar Conference Grounds is located in Pacific Grove, California and was constructed in 1913. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987 with the reference number 87000823.
The generated text is : Asser Levy Public Baths is located on Avenue A, Manhattan and was constructed in 1904. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980-04-23 with the reference number 80002709.
The generated text is : The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, Manhattan, Brooklyn. Cyrus Vance Jr. is the leader of Manhattan.
The generated text is : The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, Manhattan, United States. The leader of Manhattan is Gale Brewer.
The generated text is : 103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin who was born in Birmingham which has the B postcode and is lead by Andrew Mitchell.
The generated text is : 103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin who was born in Birmingham which has the B postcode and is lead by the Labour Party.
The generated text is : Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India. The leader of Gujarat is Anandiben Patel and the leader of India is Sumitra Mahajan.
The generated text is : Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India. T S Thakur and Narendra Modi are leaders in India.
The generated text is : The Brazilians are an ethnic group in Japan where the Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture.
The generated text is : 20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom, the capital of which is London. The Parliament of the United Kingdom is the leader of the UK and Elizabeth II is the Queen.
The generated text is : 250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where English is the language spoken and Joe Biden is a leader.
The generated text is : The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Pennsylvania, United States. It was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property.
The generated text is : The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan, the capital of which is Baku. The leader of Azerbaijan is Prime Minister Artur Rasizade.
The generated text is : The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku and is located in Baku, Azerbaijan. The native name of the memorial is Turk Sehitleri Aniti.
The generated text is : Frederick, Maryland is the nearest city to the Monocacy National Battlefield in Frederick County, Maryland. The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established on 11 July 1907.
The generated text is : Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey where the capital city is Ankara. The Atatürk Monument (Izmir) is made of bronze and is located in Turkey.
The generated text is : The Atatürk Monument (Izmir) was designed by Pietro Canonica and inaugurated on 27 July 1932. Turkey's leader is known as the President of Turkey.
The generated text is : Albany, Georgia is part of the U.S. state of Georgia. English is the language of the U.S. and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
The generated text is : Albuquerque, New Mexico has an area code of 505 and a total area of 490.9 square kilometres. It has a population density of 1142.3 inhabitants per square kilometre and a land area of 486.2 square kilometres.
The generated text is : Alpharetta is part of Fulton County in Georgia, United States. The county seat of Fulton County is Atlanta.
The generated text is : Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas in the United States. The capital of the United States is Washington D.C. and African Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
The generated text is : Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas in the United States. Austin is the capital of Texas.
The generated text is : The leader of Anaheim, California is the California State Assembly which is located at the California State Capitol. The Spanish language is spoken in California.
The generated text is : Anderson, Indiana is part of Adams Fall Creek Lafayette Richland Union and has a total area of 107.43 square kilometres. It has a population density of 523.9 inhabitants per square kilometre and is 268.0 above sea level.
The generated text is : Angola is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, Indiana, United States. It has a total area of 16.55 square kilometres.
The generated text is : Antioch, California has a population of 102372, has the area code 925 and a total area of 75.324 square kilometres. The UTC offset is -7.
The generated text is : Atlantic City, New Jersey has a total area of 44.125 square kilometres and a population density of 1421.2 inhabitants per square kilometre. The area code is 609 and the leaders are known as Mayors of Atlantic City.
The generated text is : Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Alabama in the United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
The generated text is : Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group.
The generated text is : Washington D.C. is the capital of the United States where Auburn is part of Pierce County and King County.
The generated text is : Washington D.C. is the capital of the United States where Auburn is located in King County.
The generated text is : Austin is part of Hays County, Texas, where the county seat is San Marcos. Houston is the largest city in Texas.
The generated text is : Anaheim, California is part of California where the Chinese language is spoken. The leader of Anaheim is the California State Assembly which is located at the California State Capitol.
The generated text is : Alpharetta is part of Fulton County in Georgia, United States. The county seat of Fulton County is Atlanta.
The generated text is : Anderson is part of Lafayette Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States. The capital of Indiana is Indianapolis.
The generated text is : Arlington is part of Texas which is part of the United States. The largest city in Texas is Houston and the language spoken is English.
The generated text is : Washington D.C. is the capital of the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group. Albany is part of Benton County in Oregon.
The generated text is : Atlantic City is part of New Jersey, in the United States, where the capital is Washington DC and the largest city is New York City.
The generated text is : Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in the United States where Barack Obama is the President and African Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
The generated text is : John Sanchez is the leader of the New Mexico Senate in Albuquerque, New Mexico, United States, where one of the ethnic groups is Asian Americans.
The generated text is : Washington DC is the capital of the United States where one of the ethnic groups is Asian Americans. Albany is part of Benton County in Oregon.
The generated text is : Barack Obama is the leader of the United States where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups. Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in the United States and is lead by the Mayor.
The generated text is : The Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the language is English. Albany, Georgia is part of the United States.
The generated text is : Angola, Indiana is part of the United States, where the language is English and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
The generated text is : Angola, Indiana is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, Indiana, United States. English is the language of the United States and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
The generated text is : The manager of FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel who plays for SV Babelsberg 03, 1. FC Union Berlin and FSV Zwickau.
The generated text is : Born in Italy, Rolando Maran manages A.C. Chievo Verona and plays for F.C. Bari 1908. He also plays for Carrarese Calcio.
The generated text is : Michele Marcolini was born in Italy and plays for Torino F.C. and A.C. Chievo Verona. He is the manager of AC Lumezzane.
The generated text is : The ground of A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Efxeinoupoli. The club has 1500 members and is in the A EPSTH 2nd GROUP league. The chairman is Antonis Milionis.
The generated text is : AFC Blackpool's ground is in Blackpool where the Conservative Party (UK) is the leader. Their manager is Stuart Parker who played football for Stockport County FC.
The generated text is : Gordon Marsden is the leader of Blackpool where AFC Blackpool's ground is located. The club is managed by Stuart Parker who played football for Stockport County FC.
The generated text is : AFC Fylde's ground is Warton, Fylde, Lancashire. They have 3180 members and played in the 2014 season. Their full name is "Association Football Club Fylde".
The generated text is : Association Football Club Fylde (abbreviated to A.F.C. Fylde) has 3180 members and their ground is Bryning Lane. They played in the 2014 season.
The generated text is : Paulo Sousa has been manager of ACF Fiorentina and plays for Juventus F.C., Maccabi Tel Aviv F.C. and Inter Milan.
The generated text is : AEK Athens F.C. has 69618 members and their ground is located in Greece. They play in the Superleague Greece and played in the 2014 season.
The generated text is : AFC Ajax (amateurs)'s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst which is operated by AFC Ajax and owned by AFC Ajax N.V. The tenant of Sportpark De Toekomst is Jong Ajax.
The generated text is : The full name of AFC Ajax (amateurs) is "Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax Amateurs". They played in the 2014 season and have the nickname "Joden Godenzonen". They have 5000 members.
The generated text is : John van den Brom plays for Vitesse Arnhem, AFC Ajax and the Netherlands national football team. He also manages AZ Alkmaar.
The generated text is : Agremiaço Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is the Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Alagoas. They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league whose champions are Vila Nova Futebol Clube.
The generated text is : Agremiaço Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is the Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Alagoas. They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil.
The generated text is : Agremiaço Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is the Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Arapiraca. They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil.
The generated text is : Akron Summit Assault's ground is St. Vincent-St. Mary High School in Akron, Summit County, Ohio, United States.
The generated text is : The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where the capital is Rome and the leaders are Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella.
The generated text is : Peter Stöger plays for SK Vorwärts Steyr, FC Admira Wacker Modling and FK Austria Wien. He is also the manager of FC Kolin.
The generated text is : Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene in Texas and is 546 metres above sea level. The runway name is 17L/35R and it has a length of 2194.0.
The generated text is : Adirondack Regional Airport serves the cities of Lake Placid and Saranac Lake, New York. It is 507 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2003.0.
The generated text is : Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas and is operated by ENAIRE. The runway name is 18L/36R and it has a length of 3500.
The generated text is : Agra Airport is located in India and is operated by the Indian Air Force. It has the IATA location identifier of AGR and the ICAO location identifier of VIAG.
The generated text is : The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in Iraq. The runway name is 08/26 and it has a length of 3990.0.
The generated text is : The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in Al Anbar Province, Iraq. The runway name is 09R/27L and it has a length of 3990.0.
The generated text is : Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who fought in the Invasion of Grenada. The Lockheed AC-130 is an attack aircraft and the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle is an aircraft fighter.
The generated text is : The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation for Allama Iqbal International Airport which serves the city of Lahore and has a runway length of 2900.0.
The generated text is : Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam and is -3.3528 above sea level. The runway name is 09/27 Buitenveldertbaan and it is 2014.0 in length.
The generated text is : Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam and is -3.3528 above sea level. The runway name is 18L/36R 'Aalsmeerbaan' and it is 2014.0 in length.
The generated text is : Andrews County Airport is located in Texas and serves the city of Andrews. It is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 929.0.
The generated text is : Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. The capital of Texas is Austin and the inhabitants are known as Tejano.
The generated text is : Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. The capital of Texas is Austin and the language spoken is English.
The generated text is : Angola International Airport serves the city of Luanda and is located in Icolo e Bengo, Luanda Province, Angola.
The generated text is : Antwerp International Airport is owned by the Flemish Region and operated by the Flemish Government. It is 12 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600.0.
The generated text is : Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines who have their headquarters in Ashgabat, Turkmenistan. Their hub airport is Turkmenbashi International Airport.
The generated text is : Athens International Airport is located in Spata and serves the city of Athens. It is 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800.0.
The generated text is : Atlantic City International Airport serves the city of Atlantic City in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. The leader of Atlantic City is Don Guardian.
The generated text is : Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States and is owned by the South Jersey Transportation Authority, whose leader is Stephen Dilts.
The generated text is : Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp, Belgium. The leader of Belgium is Charles Michel and the language spoken is German.
The generated text is : Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium. The leader of Belgium is Philippe of Belgium and the French language is spoken.
The generated text is : Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake which is part of Harrietstown, Essex County, New York, United States.
The generated text is : Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq. The leader of Iraq is Fuad Masum and the Kurdish languages are spoken there.
The generated text is : Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq. Haider al-Abadi is the leader of Iraq where the Kurdish languages are spoken.
The generated text is : Allama Iqbal International Airport serves the city of Lahore in Punjab, Pakistan. The leader of Punjab is Malik Muhammad Rafique Rajwana.
The generated text is : The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and is of the order Commelinids and class Monocotyledon.
The generated text is : Rona Fairhead is a key person at the BBC which is based at Broadcasting House in London. The BBC broadcast Bananaman and produces BBC radio.
The generated text is : Bananaman first aired on 3 October 1983 on STV and starred Jill Shilling. It was created by Steve Bright.
The generated text is : Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 which stars Ryan Potter and was created by the American, Duncan Rouleau.
The generated text is : The comic character Bolt, also known as Larry Bolatinsky, was created by Gary Cohn and the Puerto Rican national Ernie Colon.
The generated text is : Eric Flint was born in Burbank California and is the author of 1634: The Bavarian Crisis. It was preceded by Grantville Gazette III and the DeMarce short stories in the Grantville Gazettes.
The generated text is : 1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint, Virginia DeMarce, et al. and is available as an E book. It has 512 pages and the ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0.
The generated text is : Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom where the AIDS (journal) is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins whose parent company is Wolters Kluwer.
The generated text is : A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by J.V. Jones and is available in hardcover. The OCLC number is 51969173 and the ISBN number is 0-7653-0633-6.
The generated text is : A Loyal Character Dancer was written by Qiu Xiaolong and is available in hardcover. It has the OCLC number 49805501 and the ISBN number 1-56947-301-3.
The generated text is : A Loyal Character Dancer is written in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain. The book is from the United States where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
The generated text is : A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States, where English is the language and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
The generated text is : Diane Duane is the author of A Wizard of Mars which is available in hardcover and has 560 pages. The ISBN number is 978-0-15-204770-2.
The generated text is : Acta Mathematica Hungarica (abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar.) is academically focused on Mathematics and has the LCCN number 83646315 and the ISSN number 0236-5294.
The generated text is : Acta Palaeontologica Polonica (abbreviated to Acta Palaeontol. Pol.) is academically focused on Paleobiology and has the LCCN number 60040714 and the ISSN number 0567-7920.
The generated text is : Acta Palaeontologica Polonica (abbreviated to Acta Palaeontol. Pol.) is published by the Polish Academy of Sciences. The ISSN number is 1732-2421 and the LCCN number is 60040714.
The generated text is : Cornell University in New York is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly. Cornell University is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities and the Association of American Universities.
The generated text is : Cornell University in Ithaca, New York is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly and is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities.
The generated text is : Garth Nix is the author of Aenir which is available in paperback and has 233 pages. The ISBN number is 0-439-17684-0.
The generated text is : Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain. The book originates from the United States where one of the ethnic groups is African American.
The generated text is : The American Journal of Mathematics was first published in 1878 and is published by the Johns Hopkins University Press in the United States. The parent company of the Johns Hopkins University Press is Johns Hopkins University.
The generated text is : Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States where English is spoken (as in Great Britain). Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups there.
The generated text is : A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader. The book is written in English which is also spoken in Great Britain.
The generated text is : A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups. The book is written in English.
The generated text is : A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and English is the language spoken in Great Britain.
The generated text is : A Severed Wasp originates from the United States, where Barack Obama is the leader, English is the language spoken and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
The generated text is : Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas and was selected by NASA in 1963. He spent 100305 minutes in space.
The generated text is : Alan Shepard was a crew member of Apollo 14 operated by NASA. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the US Navy which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
The generated text is : William Anders was born in British Hong Kong where Chris Patten is a representative. He was a crew member of Apollo 8 along with Frank Borman.
The generated text is : Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He was a crew member of Apollo 11 and is now retired.
The generated text is : Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and was selected by NASA in 1963. He served as a fighter pilot and was a crew member of Apollo 11.
The generated text is : Buzz Aldrin was born Edwin Eugene Aldrin Jr. and was a crew member of Apollo 11 operated by NASA. He received 20 awards.
The generated text is : Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
The generated text is : Alan Shepard died in California where Dianne Feinstein is a senator. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
The generated text is : Elliot See was born in Dallas and graduated from the University of Texas at Austin. He died in St. Louis.
The generated text is : William Anders was a fighter pilot who was selected by NASA in 1963 to be part of the Apollo 8 crew.
The generated text is : The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor, India was established in 2001. The Ganges is a river in India.
The generated text is : The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, India. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum.
The generated text is : The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar.
The generated text is : The Acharya Institute of Technology was given the 'Technical Campus' status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai. One of the sports offered at the Institute is tennis which is governed by the International Tennis Federation.
The generated text is : The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Alba County, Romania. Romania's capital is Bucharest.
The generated text is : Lars Lokke Rasmussen is the leader of Denmark where the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in the city of Aarhus. Aarhus has a magistrate government.
The generated text is : The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor, Kerala has 250 academic staff. Kerala's leader is Kochi.
The generated text is : The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania. The capital of Romania is Bucharest and the national anthem is Deșteaptă-te, române!. One of the ethnic groups of Romania are the Germans of Romania.
The generated text is : The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Romania. Romania's capital is Bucharest and its leader is Klaus Iohannis.
The generated text is : Tomatoes, guanciale, cheese, olive oil are the main ingredients of Amatriciana sauce which comes from the Lazio region of Italy.
The generated text is : Arrabbiata sauce can be found in Italy where the capital is Rome and the leaders are Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella.
The generated text is : Arros negre is a dish from the Catalonia region of Spain. The main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers.
The generated text is : Arros negre is a traditional dish from the Catalonia region of Spain. The main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers.
The generated text is : Arros negre is a traditional dish from the Catalonia region of Spain. The Parliament of Catalonia is the leader of Catalonia where Spaniards are an ethnic group.
The generated text is : Asam pedas is a food found in Sumatra and Malaysia. The Batak are an ethnic group in Sumatra.
The generated text is : Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia and Sumatra. The Malays and Minangkabau people are ethnic groups in Sumatra.
The generated text is : The Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups. The capital of the US is Washington D.C.
The generated text is : Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where John Roberts is a leader and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. The capital of the US is Washington D.C.
The generated text is : Ketchup is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is popular in the UK. A variation of the bacon sandwich is the BLT which is a variation of a club sandwich.
The generated text is : The bacon sandwich originates from the United Kingdom and can also be known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin. The main ingredients are bread and bacon with a condiment, often ketchup or brown sauce.
The generated text is : Baked Alaska is a dessert from the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. A cookie is also a dessert.
The generated text is : Meringue, ice cream, sponge cake (or Christmas pudding) are the main ingredients of Baked Alaska, which originates from the United States and can be found in Paris, New York or Hong Kong.
The generated text is : Baked Alaska is a dish from Hong Kong, France, United States and China. The main ingredients are meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding.
The generated text is : Baked Alaska is a dish from Hong Kong and the United States. The main ingredients are meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding.
The generated text is : Bakewell tart is a variation of Bakewell pudding and comes from the Derbyshire Dales region of Derbyshire. It contains fruit preserves.
The generated text is : Bakso is a food found nationwide in Indonesia and popular in neighbouring Southeast Asian countries. The main ingredients are ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables and fried shallots.
The generated text is : Bakso is a food found in Indonesia. The main ingredients are ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables and fried shallots.
The generated text is : Bandeja paisa is a Colombian dish from the Paisa region. The main ingredients are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon.
The generated text is : Bandeja paisa is a Colombian dish from the Paisa region. The main ingredients are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon.
The generated text is : Barny cakes can be found in France where French is spoken and the leaders are Gerard Larcher and François Hollande.
The generated text is : Batagor, Siomay and Shumai are variations of the same dish found in Indonesia. Shiitake is an ingredient in Shumai.
The generated text is : Batchoy is a dish from the region of La Paz, Iloilo City, Philippines. The main ingredients are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
The generated text is : Batchoy is a soup dish from the Philippines. The main ingredients are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
The generated text is : Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of beef kway teow which is popular nationwide in Singapore and Indonesia.
The generated text is : Halimah Yacob is the leader of Singapore where Standard Chinese is spoken. Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapore and Indonesia.
The generated text is : Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of beef kway teow which is a popular dish in Singapore and Indonesia.
The generated text is : Bhaji and bajji are alternative names for Bhajji which comes from the Karnataka region of India and contains vegetables.
The generated text is : Bhaji and bajji are alternative names for Bhajji which comes from the Karnataka region. The main ingredients of Bhajji are gram flour and vegetables.
The generated text is : Binignit is made with sago and sweet potato which belongs to the flowering plant division of the Solanales order of plants.
The generated text is : Binignit is a dish from the Visayas region of the Philippines. The main ingredients are coconut milk and sago.
The generated text is : Granola is an ingredient in Bionico which is a dessert from the Jalisco region of Mexico.
The generated text is : Bionico is a food found in Guadalajara, Mexico. The main ingredients are chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins.
The generated text is : Bionico is a dessert found in Mexico where Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader. A cookie is also a dessert.
The generated text is : Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia where tapioca is an ingredient. Bakso is a dish from Indonesia.
The generated text is : Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore, where Tony Tan is a leader. Ayam penyet is also found in Java, where the Baduy are an ethnic group.
The generated text is : Batchoy is a dish from the Philippines, where the language spoken is Philippine Spanish. Ethnic groups include the Ilocano people and the Zamboangans.
The generated text is : Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines where Arabic is spoken and Zamboangans and Igorot people are ethnic groups.
The generated text is : Binignit is a dessert found in the Philippines where the language is Philippine English. A cookie is also a dessert.
The generated text is : Binignit is a dessert found in the Philippines where the language is Philippine English. Sandesh is also a dessert.
The generated text is : Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint are the authors of 1634: The Bavarian Crisis which was preceded by Grantville Gazette II and Ring of Fire II. Ring of Fire II is written in English.
The generated text is : Cornell University in Ithaca, New York is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly. It is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities and the Association of American Universities. Its president is Elizabeth Garrett.
The generated text is : A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States, where English is spoken (as in Great Britain). African Americans are one of the ethnic groups there.
The generated text is : A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States. English is the language spoken in the United States and Great Britain. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
The generated text is : A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States. English is the language spoken in the United States and Great Britain. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
The generated text is : A Severed Wasp originates from the United States, where English is spoken (as in Great Britain). The capital of the US is Washington D.C. and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
The generated text is : The Violet Keystone is the sequel to Into Battle which was written by Australians. Above the Veil was preceded by Aenir which was preceded by Castle.
The generated text is : A Severed Wasp originates from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups. The book is written in English which is also spoken in Great Britain.
The generated text is : A Severed Wasp originates from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader. English is the language spoken in the United States and Great Britain. Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States.
The generated text is : 1634: The Ram Rebellion was preceded by 1634: The Galileo Affair and was published in the United States. The leader of the United States is Barack Obama and the capital city is Washington D.C. Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States.
The generated text is : 1634 The Ram Rebellion was written in the United States, where Barack Obama is the leader, the capital is Washington D.C. and African Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
The generated text is : A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where the leader is known as the President. The language spoken in the United States is English which is also spoken in Great Britain. One of the ethnic groups in the United States is Asian Americans.
The generated text is : Albany, Georgia is part of the U.S. state of Georgia. The leader of the U.S. is known as the President and one of the ethnic groups in the U.S. are the Asian Americans.
The generated text is : Alpharetta is part of Fulton County, Georgia in the United States. Atlanta is the largest city in Fulton County. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
The generated text is : Amarillo is part of Potter County in Texas, United States. The capital of the United States is Washington D.C. and the language spoken is English.
The generated text is : Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas, United States. The capital of Texas is Austin and the language spoken is English.
The generated text is : Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas in the United States. The capital of Texas is Austin and the language spoken is English.
The generated text is : Anderson, Indiana is part of Fall Creek Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States. It has a population density of 523.9 inhabitants per square kilometre and an area of 107.43 square kilometres.
The generated text is : Antioch, California is part of Contra Costa County in the San Francisco Bay Area. The leader of Antioch is California's 11th State Assembly district and the language spoken in California is English.
The generated text is : Atlanta, part of DeKalb County, Georgia, has a total area of 344.9 square kilometres and a population density of 1299.0 inhabitants per square kilometre. The area code for Atlanta is 404.
The generated text is : Attica, Indiana is part of Logan Township, Fountain County, Indiana, United States. It has a total area of 4.14 square kilometres and a population density of 783.1 inhabitants per square kilometre. It is 166.0 above sea level.
The generated text is : Auburn is part of Lee County in Alabama, United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States, where the capital is Washington D.C.
The generated text is : Auburn, Washington is part of Pierce County and King County in the United States. It has a population density of 914.8 inhabitants per square kilometre and an area of 77.41 square kilometres.
The generated text is : Austin is part of Williamson County, Texas, where English is spoken. Round Rock is the largest city and Georgetown is the county seat.
The generated text is : Austin is part of Hays County, Texas, where the county seat is San Marcos. The largest city in Texas is Houston and the language spoken is English.
The generated text is : Austin is part of Hays County, Texas, where the county seat is San Marcos and the largest city is Houston. Spanish is one of the languages spoken in Texas.
The generated text is : Alexandria is part of Madison County, Indiana, United States. The capital of Indiana is Indianapolis and the language spoken is English Americans.
The generated text is : Arlington is part of Tarrant County, Texas, where the county seat is Fort Worth and the largest city is Houston. Spanish is spoken in Texas.
The generated text is : Arlington is part of Tarrant County, Texas in the United States. The largest city in Tarrant County is Fort Worth and the capital is Austin.
The generated text is : The capital of the United States is Washington D.C. and the largest city is New York City. White Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States. Atlantic City is part of New Jersey.
The generated text is : Albany, Oregon is part of Linn County, Oregon in the United States. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the capital city is Washington DC.
The generated text is : The capital of the United States is Washington D.C. and one of the ethnic groups there are Asian Americans. Albany is part of Oregon in the United States.
The generated text is : Angola, Indiana is part of Steuben County, Indiana, United States. African Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States, where the language is English and the people are called Americans.
The generated text is : The capital of the United States is Washington D.C. and one of the ethnic groups in the country are the Native Americans. Auburn is part of Lee County in Alabama.
The generated text is : Opelika is the county seat of Lee County, Alabama in the United States, where Native Americans are an ethnic group. Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama in the United States.
The generated text is : Newark is the largest city in New Jersey, the capital is Trenton and Atlantic City is part of New Jersey. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
The generated text is : Albuquerque is part of New Mexico in the United States. The leader of the United States is President Barack Obama and the language spoken is English.
The generated text is : Angola, Indiana is part of Steuben County, Indiana in the United States. The people of the United States are called Americans and one of the ethnic groups is Asian Americans. English is the language of the United States.
The generated text is : Barack Obama is the leader of the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups and Akron, Ohio is part of Summit County, Ohio.
The generated text is : The African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the leader is known as the President. Albany, Georgia is part of the United States where the leader is known as the President.
The generated text is : The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located at Seminary Ridge, Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, United States. It was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property.
The generated text is : The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing property. Carrol County, Maryland is southeast of Adams County and Cumberland County, Pennsylvania is north of Adams County. Frederick County, Maryland is southwest of Adams County.
The generated text is : The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It is located in Baku, the capital of Azerbaijan, where the leader is Prime Minister Artur Rasizade.
The generated text is : The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It is located in Baku, the capital of Azerbaijan. The leader of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade and the legislature is the National Assembly.
The generated text is : The Atatürk Monument (zmir) is located in Turkey where the capital is Ankara and the largest city is Istanbul. The leader of Turkey is President Ahmet Davutoglu.
The generated text is : The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor, Kerala was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff. Kerala has Mahe, India to its northwest.
The generated text is : The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090. Its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar and it has 700 postgraduate students. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The generated text is : The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. Its president is B.M. Reddy.
The generated text is : The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussels. Denmark's leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen and its title is the Monarchy of Denmark.
The generated text is : The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor, India was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff. India's largest city is Mumbai.
The generated text is : The AWH Engineering College is located in the state of Kerala, India. The Ganges is a river in India and Mumbai is the largest city. Kochi is the leader of Kerala.
The generated text is : The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff. Denmark's leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
The generated text is : The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus is affiliated with the European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussels. Aarhus is governed by a magistrate and has Mols to its northeast.
The generated text is : Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 which stars Alan Tudyk. He was created by Steven T Seagle and the American, Duncan Rouleau.
The generated text is : Pietro Grasso is the leader of Italy where A.C. Lumezzane's ground is located. The manager of A.C. Lumezzane is Michele Marcolini who plays for F.C. Bari 1908 and Vicenza Calcio.
The generated text is : The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker who played football for Chesterfield FC and Stockport County FC. Blackpool is lead by the Labour Party in the UK.
The generated text is : A.S. Gubbio 1910's ground is located in Italy, where the leader is Sergio Mattarella and the Italian language is spoken. They play in Serie D, the champions of which are S.S. Robur Siena.
The generated text is : The Olympic Stadium (Athens) is located in Marousi and is the home ground of AEK Athens FC. The manager of AEK Athens FC is Gus Poyet who is attached to the club Real Zaragoza.
The generated text is : The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where Pietro Grasso is the leader, the capital is Rome and the language spoken is Italian.
The generated text is : The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where Sergio Mattarella is the leader and the official language is Italian. The capital city is Rome and the inhabitants are known as Italians.
The generated text is : Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia where the currency is the Indonesian rupiah and the language is Indonesian. Arem-arem is a food found nationwide in Indonesia but is more specific to Java.
The generated text is : Asam pedas is a food found in the region of Sumatra and Malay Peninsula, Malaysia. The capital of Malaysia is Kuala Lumpur and two ethnic groups are the Malaysian Chinese and the Malay.
The generated text is : Asam pedas is a food found in the region of Sumatra and Malay Peninsula, Malaysia. The capital of Malaysia is Kuala Lumpur and Malaysian Indians are an ethnic group there.
The generated text is : Asam pedas is a food found in Sumatra and Malaysia. The capital of Malaysia is Kuala Lumpur and the Malay and Malaysian Indian are ethnic groups there.
The generated text is : Asam pedas is a food found in the Malay Peninsula region of Malaysia. Abu Zahar Ujang is the leader of Malaysia and Malaysian Indians are also an ethnic group there.
The generated text is : Bacon Explosion is a dish from the Kansas City metropolitan area of the United States. The main ingredients are bacon and sausage.
The generated text is : Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Paul Ryan is a leader, the capital is Washington D.C. and English is the language spoken. White Americans are an ethnic group there.
The generated text is : The bacon sandwich is a variation of the BLT and originates from the United Kingdom. The main ingredients are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment. It can also be known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin.
The generated text is : Baked Alaska is a dish from Hong Kong and French speaking France. Manuel Valls and Gérard Larcher are leaders in France.
The generated text is : Bandeja paisa is a dish from the Antioquia Department region of Colombia. One of the ingredients is lemon which belongs to the order of Rosids and the family of Rutaceae.
The generated text is : Barny cakes, made with sponge cake, come from France, where French is spoken and Gerard Larcher and François Hollande are leaders.
The generated text is : Joko Widodo is the leader of Indonesia where Batagor is a dish. Batagor is a variation of Shumai and Siomay, which contains peanut sauce.
The generated text is : Joko Widodo is the leader of Indonesia where Batagor is a dish and Siomay and Shumai are variations of the same dish. Shiitake is an ingredient in Shumai.
The generated text is : Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia where Batagor and Siomay are dishes. Shumai and Batagor are variations of the same dish. Shiitake is an ingredient in Shumai.
The generated text is : Bhaji and bajji are alternative names for Bhajji which comes from the Karnataka region of India. The main ingredients of Bhajji are gram flour and vegetables.
The generated text is : Bhajji originates from the Karnataka region of India. The leader of the Karnataka region is Vajubhai Vala and the demonym for the people of India is Indian. T.S. Thakur is a leader in India.
The generated text is : Bhajji originates from the Karnataka region of India. T.S. Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders in India where the people are called Indians.
The generated text is : Bionico is a dessert from the Guadalajara region of Mexico. The main ingredients are chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins.
The generated text is : Enrique Pena Nieto is the leader of Mexico where the Spanish language is spoken. Bionico is a dessert dish that can be varied by adding honey.
The generated text is : Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of Mexico where Bionico comes from the Jalisco region. It is served as a dessert and honey can be added to it.
The generated text is : Arros negre is a traditional dish from the Catalonia region of Spain. Carles Puigdemont is the leader of Catalonia and Felipe VI is the leader of Spain. Spaniards are an ethnic group in Spain.
The generated text is : Amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from Italy, where the capital is Rome, the language is Italian and the leaders are Matteo Renzi and Laura Boldrini.
The generated text is : Sergio Mattarella and Laura Boldrini are leaders in Italy where the people are called Italians and the capital city is Rome. Amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from Italy.
The generated text is : Pietro Grasso and Matteo Renzi are leaders in Italy, where Rome is the capital and Italian is the language spoken. Amatriciana sauce is a traditional Italian sauce.
The generated text is : Ayam penyet is a fried chicken dish that can be found nationwide in Java and also in Malaysia and Singapore. The Javanese people are an ethnic group in Java.
The generated text is : Ayam penyet is a dish from Java where the Javanese people are an ethnic group. It is also found in Singapore where English is spoken and Tony Tan is the leader.
The generated text is : Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines, where Arabic and Philippine Spanish are spoken. Ethnic groups include the Zamboangans and Chinese Filipino.
The generated text is : Ajoblanco is a food found in Andalusia, Spain. Susana Diaz is the leader of Andalusia and Spaniards are one of the ethnic groups there.
The generated text is : Ajoblanco is a food found in Andalusia, Spain. Susana Diaz is the leader of Andalusia and Felipe VI is the leader of Spain. Spaniards are the people of Spain.
The generated text is : Alan Bean is an American test pilot who was born in Wheeler, Texas. He was selected by NASA in 1963 and is now retired.
The generated text is : Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and was a crew member of Apollo 14 operated by NASA. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the US Navy which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
The generated text is : American William Anders was born in British Hong Kong. He was a crew member of NASA's Apollo 8 which was commanded by Frank Borman.
The generated text is : American Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on January 20th, 1930. He served as a fighter pilot and was a crew member of Apollo 11.
The generated text is : American Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of NASA's Apollo 11.
The generated text is : Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He was a fighter pilot and a member of Apollo 11. He is now retired.
The generated text is : Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and is now retired. He was a crew member of NASA's Apollo 11 with William Anders as backup pilot.
The generated text is : Buzz Aldrin was born on January 20th, 1930. He was a crew member of NASA's Apollo 11 with William Anders as a backup pilot. He is now retired.
The generated text is : Alan Shepard was a crew member of Apollo 14 operated by NASA. He died in California where Dianne Feinstein is a senator. Benitoite is a gemstone found in California.
The generated text is : Alan Shepard was an American who was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
The generated text is : American William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and served as a fighter pilot. He was a crew member of Apollo 8 and retired on 1969-09-01.
The generated text is : Margrethe II is the leader of Denmark where the Faroese language is spoken. The country is the location of Aarhus Airport in Tirstrup which is part of the Central Denmark region.
The generated text is : Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas. It is operated by ENAIRE and is 610 metres above sea level. The runway name is 14L/32R and it has a length of 4100.0.
The generated text is : Agra Airport is located in India and is operated by the Indian Air Force. It is 167.94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1818. It has the ICAO Location Identifier of VIAG.
The generated text is : The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in Iraq. The ICAO location identifier for Al Asad airbase is ORAA and the runway name is 08/26. It has a runway length of 3990.0.
The generated text is : The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in Al Anbar Province, Iraq. The ICAO Location Identifier of Al Asad Airbase is ORAA and the runway name is 08/26. It has a length of 3992.88.
The generated text is : Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who bombed Libya in 1986. The Lockheed AC-130 is an attack aircraft, the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III is a transport aircraft and the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon is an aircraft fighter.
The generated text is : Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who fought in the Invasion of Grenada and Operation Enduring Freedom. They deploy the Lockheed AC-130 attack aircraft and the Lockheed C-130 Hercules transport aircraft.
The generated text is : Alderney is served by Alderney Airport which is 88 metres above sea level. The 1st runway is made of Poaceae and is 733 metres long. The runway name is 08/26.
The generated text is : Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan and serves the city of Lahore. It is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. The runway name is 18L/36R and it has a length of 3310.0.
The generated text is : Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan and serves the city of Lahore. It is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. The runway name is 18R/36L and it has a length of 2900.0.
The generated text is : Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan, United States. It serves the city of Alpena and is 210 metres above sea level. The runway length is 1533.0.
The generated text is : Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan. It serves the city of Alpena and is 210 metres above sea level. The runway name is 7/25 and it has a length of 1533.0.
The generated text is : Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan. It serves the city of Alpena and is 210 metres above sea level. The runway name is 1/19 and it has a length of 2744.0.
The generated text is : Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan, United States. It serves the city of Alpena and is 210 metres above sea level. The runway length is 1533.0.
The generated text is : Angola International Airport is located in colo e Bengo and serves the city of Luanda. It is 159 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800.0. The runway name is 05L/23R.
The generated text is : Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens in Greece. The leaders of Greece are Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis and the language spoken is Greek.
The generated text is : Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens in Greece. The country's leaders are Alexis Tsipras and Prokopis Pavlopoulos and the language spoken is Greek.
The generated text is : Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States and serves the city of Atlantic City. The leader of Atlantic City is Don Guardian.
The generated text is : Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium. The capital of Belgium is Brussels and the country is led by Philippe of Belgium and Charles Michel.
The generated text is : Atlantic City International Airport has the ICAO location identifier KACY and is located in Egg Harbor Township, Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States.
The generated text is : Adirondack Regional Airport serves the cities of Lake Placid and Saranac Lake in New York, United States.
The generated text is : Adirondack Regional Airport serves the cities of Lake Placid and Saranac Lake, New York. Harrietstown, New York is part of Essex County, New York in the United States.
The generated text is : Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand. The airport is operated by the Indian Air Force who use the HAL Light Combat Helicopter.
The generated text is : Ram Naik is the leader of Uttar Pradesh which is part of Bundelkhand and is the location of Agra Airport. The airport is operated by the Indian Air Force who use the HAL Light Combat Helicopter.
The generated text is : Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq. Haider al-Abadi and Fuad Masum are leaders in Iraq where the language is Arabic.
The generated text is : 200 Public Square was completed in 1985 in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States.
The generated text is : 250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo, New York and was started in January 2014. It has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843.8 square metres.
The generated text is : 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, Illinois, United States. The leader of Chicago is Rahm Emanuel and the capital is Springfield.
The generated text is : Margrethe II of Denmark is the leader of Denmark where the Faroese language is spoken. The country is the location of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen which is a tenant of Marriott International which was founded in Washington DC.
The generated text is : Bill Marriott is a key person at Marriott International which was founded in Washington DC and is the current tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen, Denmark. Greenlandic is a language spoken in Denmark.
The generated text is : Lars Lokke Rasmussen is the leader of Denmark where the Greenlandic language is spoken. The country is the location of the AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen which is a tenant of Marriott International which was founded in Washington DC.
The generated text is : Adare Manor in the Republic of Ireland was designed by the architect Augustus Pugin who was born in Bloomsbury and designed the Palace of Westminster. The leader of the Republic of Ireland is Enda Kenny.
The generated text is : Construction of Addis Ababa City Hall began in 1961 and was completed in 1964. It has a height of 42 metres and a floor area of 140000.0 square metres. The current tenants are the Government of Addis Ababa.
The generated text is : The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan. It has 3 floors and its address is 1-4-2 Nakadori.
The generated text is : The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan. The leader of Japan is Taro Aso and one of the ethnic groups in the country are the Chinese.
The generated text is : The Mason School of Business is located in the United States and is the current tenant of Alan B Miller Hall in Virginia. The Hall was designed by Robert A M Stern and is owned by the College of William and Mary.
The generated text is : Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. The leader of Gujarat is the Gujarat Legislative Assembly and Sumitra Mahajan is the leader of India.
The generated text is : Ampara Hospital is located in Ampara District, Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe and the leader of Eastern Province is Austin Fernando.
The generated text is : Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka, where the Eastern Provincial Council is the governing body. The capital of Sri Lanka is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and the leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe.
The generated text is : Julia Morgan was born in San Francisco and was the architect of the Asilomar Conference Grounds, the Los Angeles Herald Examiner Building, Hearst Castle and Asilomar State Beach.
The generated text is : Julia Morgan was born in San Francisco and was the architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds, the Riverside Art Museum, Hearst Castle and Asilomar State Beach.
The generated text is : The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, New Netherland, United States. Manhattan is lead by Cyrus Vance Jr.
The generated text is : 103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin who was born in Birmingham. The leader of Birmingham is Labour politician John Clancy and the governing body is Birmingham City Council. The postal code of Birmingham is B.
The generated text is : 250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. and the leader is known as the President of the United States. John Roberts is a leader in the United States and Barack Obama is a leader.
The generated text is : The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located at Seminary Ridge, Adams County, Pennsylvania, United States. It was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property.
The generated text is : The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing property. Adams County has Franklin County to its west, Cumberland County to its north, Carrol County Maryland to its southeast and Frederick County Maryland to its southwest.
The generated text is : The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It is made of red granite and white marble and was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner. The leader of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade and the capital city is Baku.
The generated text is : Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner designed the red granite and white marble Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial in Azerbaijan. The memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. The native name of the memorial is Turk Sehitleri Aniti. The leader of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade.
The generated text is : The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield in Frederick County, Maryland. It was established on 11 July 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the United States.
The generated text is : Alan Bean is an American test pilot who was born in Wheeler, Texas on March 15, 1932. He spent 100305 minutes in space and is now retired.
The generated text is : Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He was a crew member of Apollo 14 operated by NASA. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the US Navy which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
The generated text is : Alan Bean (born Alan LaVern Bean) was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 12 with Alfred Worden as backup pilot and David Scott as commander. He retired in June 1981.
The generated text is : American Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963 and was selected by NASA in 1963. He served as a fighter pilot and was a crew member of Apollo 11.
The generated text is : Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on January 20th, 1930. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He was a crew member of NASA's Apollo 11 mission with William Anders as backup pilot.
The generated text is : American Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of NASA's Apollo 11. William Anders was a backup pilot on Apollo 11.
The generated text is : Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on January 20th, 1930. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963 and was selected by NASA in 1963. He served as a fighter pilot and was a crew member on Apollo 11.
The generated text is : Alan Shepard died in California where Dianne Feinstein is a senator. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal. Benitoite is a gemstone found in California and the fossil of Smilodon can be found there.
The generated text is : American William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M.S. He was a fighter pilot and a crew member on Apollo 8. He retired on September 1st 1969.
The generated text is : William Anders was born in British Hong Kong. He was a crew member of NASA's Apollo 8 along with backup pilot Buzz Aldrin and Frank Borman. He retired on 1969-09-01.
The generated text is : William Anders graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M.S. He was a crew member of NASA's Apollo 8 along with backup pilot Buzz Aldrin and Frank Borman. He is now retired.
The generated text is : The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Ticino, Switzerland was established in 1996. Its dean is Mario Botta and it has 100 academic staff.
The generated text is : The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, Karnataka, India. It has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The generated text is : The Acharya Institute of Technology's campus is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, India. Its president is B.M. Reddy and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The generated text is : The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussels. Denmark's leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen and its religion is the Church of Denmark.
The generated text is : The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association headquartered in Brussels. Its dean is Thomas Pallesen. Denmark's leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
The generated text is : The AWH Engineering College in Kerala, India was established in 2001. The largest city in India is Mumbai and the Ganges is a river in India. Kochi is the leader of Kerala.
The generated text is : The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania. The capital of the country is Bucharest and the leader is Klaus Iohannis. The national anthem is Deșteaptă-te, române! and the patron saint is Andrew the Apostle.
The generated text is : The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark was established in 1928. It has 737 academic staff and 16,000 students. Denmark's leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
The generated text is : Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey where the capital is Ankara and the largest city is Istanbul. The country uses the Turkish lira as currency and is the location of the bronze Ataturk monument which was inaugurated on 27 July 1932.
The generated text is : Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey which has the capital city of Ankara. The country is the location of the bronze Ataturk monument designed by Pietro Canonica and inaugurated on 27 July 1932.
The generated text is : Ahmet Davutoglu is the President of Turkey. The capital of Turkey is Ankara and the largest city is Istanbul. The currency of Turkey is the Turkish lira and the Ataturk Monument (zmir) was inaugurated on 27 July 1932.
The generated text is : The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio, Switzerland was established in 1996. It has 100 academic staff and 600 students. Its dean is Mario Botta. Switzerland's leader is the Federal Chancellor.
The generated text is : The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, Karnataka, India was established in 2000. Its president is B.M. Reddy and its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar. Its motto is "Nurturing Excellence".
The generated text is : The Acharya Institute of Technology in Karnataka was given the 'Technical Campus' status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai. The institute offers tennis which is governed by the International Tennis Federation. Karnataka has Telangana to its northeast and the Arabian Sea to its west.
The generated text is : The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Romania. The country's capital is Bucharest and its anthem is Deșteaptă-te, române!. The country's leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis. The ethnic group of Romania is Germans of Romania.
The generated text is : The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff. Its dean is Thomas Pallesen and it is affiliated with the European University Association. Denmark's leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
The generated text is : The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussels. Denmark's leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen and its government type is magistrate.
The generated text is : The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the European University Association. Its dean is Thomas Pallesen and it has 16000 students. Its Latin name is Universitas Aarhusiensis.
The generated text is : Alan Bean is a US national who was born in Wheeler, Texas on March 15, 1932. He graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B.S. He was a test pilot and a crew member of Apollo 12. He is now retired.
The generated text is : Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th, 1923. He graduated from NWC with an MA in 1957 and went on to become a test pilot. He was selected by NASA in 1959 and died in California.
The generated text is : Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas and was a US national. He served as a test pilot and was a crew member of NASA's Apollo 12. David Scott was the commander of Apollo 12 and Alfred Worden was the backup pilot.
The generated text is : Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on January 20th, 1930. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963 and was selected by NASA in 1963. He served as a fighter pilot and was a crew member of Apollo 11.
The generated text is : American Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on January 20th, 1930. He graduated from MIT in 1963 with a Sc.D. He served as a fighter pilot and was a crew member of Apollo 11. He spent 52 minutes in space.
The generated text is : Buzz Aldrin is a US national who was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on January 20th, 1930. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He was a crew member of Apollo 11 and is now retired.
The generated text is : Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on January 20th, 1930. He was selected by NASA in 1963 and served as a crew member on Apollo 11. He is now retired.
The generated text is : Buzz Aldrin is a US national who was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He was a crew member of NASA's Apollo 11 mission with William Anders as a backup pilot. He is now retired.
The generated text is : William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on October 17th, 1933. He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 8. He retired on September 1st, 1969.
The generated text is : American William Anders was born in British Hong Kong. He was a crew member of NASA's Apollo 8 along with backup pilot Buzz Aldrin and Frank Borman. He retired on 1969-09-01.
