The generated text is :
The generated text is : Aaron S. Daggett won the Purple Heart.
The generated text is : Aaron S. Daggett fought in the Battle of Mine Run.
The generated text is : Ab Klink was born in Stellendam, Netherlands.
The generated text is : Abdul Rahman Ya'kub was Vice President while Tuanku Bujang Tuanku Othman was in office.
The generated text is : Abdul Taib Mahmud is a member of the Parti Bumiputera Sarawak.
The generated text is : Abdul Taib Mahmud's successor is Sulaiman Abdul Rahman Taib.
The generated text is : Abdulsalami Abubakar's active years end on 1999-05-29.
The generated text is : Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Minna.
The generated text is : Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State.
The generated text is : Abner W. Sibal's active years end on 1965-01-03.
The generated text is : Abner W. Sibal died in Alexandria, Virginia.
The generated text is : Adam Holloway was born in Kent.
The generated text is : Adam Holloway's residence is Gravesend.
The generated text is : Adenan Satem graduated from the University of Adelaide.
The generated text is : Adolf Scharf was born in Mikulov.
The generated text is : Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister when Adonis Georgiadis was in office.
The generated text is : Adonis Georgiadis worked as Deputy Minister for Development Competitiveness and Shipping.
The generated text is : Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendorf.
The generated text is : Agnes Ward White was born in Marietta, Ohio.
The generated text is : Airey Neave's active years started on June 30th, 1953.
The generated text is : Airey Neave was awarded the Military Cross.
The generated text is : Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge, London.
The generated text is : Airey Neave has the military rank of Lieutenant colonel.
The generated text is : Airey Neave started service in 1935.
The generated text is : Albert B. White is a member of the Republican Party of the United States.
The generated text is : Albert B. White's spouse was Agnes Ward White.
The generated text is : Albert Jennings Fountain is a member of the Union Army.
The generated text is : Alberto Teisaire is an Argentine national.
The generated text is : Alberto Teisaire served as a Rear Admiral in the Argentine Navy.
The generated text is : Alfons Gorbach died in Austria.
The generated text is : Alfred Moore Scales's active years start date is 1875-03-04.
The generated text is : Alfred Moore Scales fought in the Battle of Chancellorsville.
The generated text is : Alfred N. Phillips was born in Darien, Connecticut.
The generated text is : Alfred N. Phillips served as Mayor of Stamford, Connecticut.
The generated text is : Allan Shivers' active years start date is 1947-01-21.
The generated text is : Allan Shivers is a member of the United States Army.
The generated text is : Price Daniel is the successor of Allan Shivers.
The generated text is : Alvah Sabin's active years start on 1853-03-04.
The generated text is : Alvah Sabin is a member of the Whig Party (United States).
The generated text is : Robert E. Lee was the commander of the American Civil War.
The generated text is : Austrian German is the language spoken in Austria.
The generated text is : Robert E Lee was the commander of the Battle of Antietam.
The generated text is : The Battle of Cold Harbor is part of the American Civil War.
The generated text is : Gabriela Michetti is the leader of Buenos Aires.
The generated text is : Colin Powell was the commander of the Gulf War.
The generated text is : John F. Kennedy's predecessor was Dwight D. Eisenhower.
The generated text is : Josef Klaus graduated from the University of Vienna.
The generated text is : Juan Carlos I of Spain's predecessor was Francisco Franco.
The generated text is : Juan Peron is a member of the Labour Party Argentina.
The generated text is : Mark Rutte is the leader of the Netherlands.
The generated text is : The United States Army fought in the Spanish-American War.
The generated text is : William M. O. Dawson was born in Bloomington, Maryland.
The generated text is : Dodge Coronet is the alternative name for the 1955 Dodge.
The generated text is : The 1955 Dodge has a 230 cubic inch engine.
The generated text is : A-Rosa Luna was christened on the 7th of April, 2005.
The generated text is : AIDA Cruises is located in Rostock.
The generated text is : AIDAluna is operated by AIDA Cruises.
The generated text is : AIDAstella was christened on March 16th, 2013.
The generated text is : AIDAstella was completed on 2013-03-11.
The generated text is : AIDAstella made her maiden voyage on March 17th, 2013.
The generated text is : AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruises.
The generated text is : ALV X-1 was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport.
The generated text is : American Motors Matador is also known as the AMC Matador.
The generated text is : ARA Veinticinco de Mayo V-2 was sold to the Netherlands on April 1st, 1948.
The generated text is : The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe has a straight-four engine.
The generated text is : The engine of Acura TLX is the Honda K engine.
The generated text is : Acura TLX is an AWD vehicle.
The generated text is : Acura TLX is related to the Honda Accord.
The generated text is : Acura TLX has a 9-speed ZF 9HP automatic V6 transmission.
The generated text is : The Alfa Romeo 164 was assembled in Arese.
The generated text is : The Alfa Romeo 164 is related to the Lancia Thema.
The generated text is : The Alfa Romeo 164 has a 4-speed automatic ZF 4HP18QE transmission.
The generated text is : The Alhambra was built by the Samuda Brothers.
The generated text is : The ship beam of Alhambra is 8.3 m.
The generated text is : Alhambra is wrecked.
The generated text is : Alhambra's top speed is 18.52.
The generated text is : The Alvis Speed 25 has a straight-six engine.
The generated text is : The Alvis Speed 25 was introduced in 1937.
The generated text is : The American submarine NR-1 has a draft of 4.6 m.
The generated text is : The final flight of the Antares rocket was on 28 October 2014.
The generated text is : Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 is the launch site for Antares rocket.
The generated text is : Gabriela Michetti is the leader of Argentina.
The generated text is : Ariane 5 was launched from the Guiana Space Centre.
The generated text is : The maiden flight of Ariane 5 was on 11 August 2005.
The generated text is : The Aston Martin V8 is a convertible.
The generated text is : Aston Martin is the manufacturer of the Aston Martin V8.
The generated text is : Aston Martin is the manufacturer of the Aston Martin Virage.
The generated text is : Atlas II's final flight was on 1998-03-16.
The generated text is : Vandenberg Air Force Base was the launch site for Atlas II.
The generated text is : Audi was founded by August Horch.
The generated text is : Audi A1 is assembled in Audi Brussels.
The generated text is : The Audi A1 is related to the SEAT Ibiza.
The generated text is : Caterpillar Inc. is located in Peoria, Illinois.
The generated text is : Costa Crociere is located in Genoa.
The generated text is : DeSoto Custom is related to Chrysler Newport.
The generated text is : The Fiat Croma is related to the Alfa Romeo 164.
The generated text is : Germans live in Germany.
The generated text is : The leader of Germany is Norbert Lammert.
The generated text is : Stanislaw Tillich is the leader of Germany.
The generated text is : Gruppo Bertone was founded by Giovanni Bertone.
The generated text is : The Guiana Space Centre's headquarters are in Kourou, French Guiana.
The generated text is : Honda is the manufacturer of the Honda K engine.
The generated text is : The Star Spangled Banner is the anthem of the United States.
The generated text is : Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
The generated text is : Silvio Berlusconi is the chairman of AC Milan.
The generated text is : Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada.
The generated text is : Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen.
The generated text is : Abel Hernandez plays for the Uruguay Olympic football team.
The generated text is : Abel Hernandez plays for the Uruguay national football team.
The generated text is : Abner footballer was born in Brazil.
The generated text is : Adam Maher was born in Diemen.
The generated text is : Adam Maher was born in the Netherlands.
The generated text is : Adam Maher plays for the Netherlands national under-17 football team.
The generated text is : Adam Maher plays for PSV Eindhoven.
The generated text is : Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for the Iraq national football team.
The generated text is : Akeem Adams was born in Point Fortin.
The generated text is : Akeem Dent played for the Atlanta Falcons.
The generated text is : Akeem Priestley plays for the Connecticut Huskies.
The generated text is : Al-Khor Sports Club play in the Qatar Stars League.
The generated text is : Basim Qasim is the manager of Al-Zawra'a SC.
The generated text is : Al Kharaitiyat SC is in the Qatar Stars League.
The generated text is : Alaa Abdul-Zahra was born in Baghdad.
The generated text is : Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Sanat Mes Kerman F.C.
The generated text is : Alan Martin is a footballer for Hamilton Academical F.C.
The generated text is : Alan Martin is a member of the Scotland national under-19 football team.
The generated text is : Aleksander Barkov Jr. was born on 1995-09-02.
The generated text is : Aleksander Barkov Jr. plays for the Florida Panthers.
The generated text is : Aleksander Barkov Jr. is 1.905 tall.
The generated text is : Aleksander Barkov Jr. plays in the National Hockey League.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on February 24, 1989.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Amkar Perm.
The generated text is : Aleksandre Guruli was born in Batumi.
The generated text is : Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Samtredia.
The generated text is : Aleksandre Guruli plays for the Georgia national under-21 football team.
The generated text is : Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.S. Roma.
The generated text is : Alessio Romagnoli plays for the youth club A.S. Roma.
The generated text is : Alex Plante was born in Manitoba.
The generated text is : Alex Tyus plays in the Turkish Basketball Super League.
The generated text is : The Atlanta Falcons are from Atlanta.
The generated text is : The general manager of the Boston Bruins is Don Sweeney.
The generated text is : Budapest is in Hungary.
The generated text is : The English language is spoken in Canada.
The generated text is : Slavey is a language spoken in Canada.
The generated text is : The Columbus Blue Jackets are from Columbus, Ohio.
The generated text is : The manager of FC Karpaty Lviv is Oleh Luzhny.
The generated text is : Valery Petrakov is the manager of FC Torpedo Moscow.
The generated text is : The chairman of Ferencvarosi TC is Gabor Kubatov.
The generated text is : Finnish is the language spoken in Finland.
The generated text is : Daniele Zoratto is the coach of the Italy national under-16 football team.
The generated text is : Zvi Sherf is the coach of Maccabi Ashdod B.C.
The generated text is : Motherwell FC's ground is Fir Park.
The generated text is : Jean-Michel Aulas is the owner of Olympique Lyonnais.
The generated text is : The St. Louis Rams are from St. Louis.
The generated text is : The Tennessee Titans play in Nashville, Tennessee.
The generated text is : Aaron Bertram's active years started in 1998.
The generated text is : Aaron Deer is associated with The Horns of Happiness.
The generated text is : Aaron Deer's record label is Kill Rock Stars.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner's genre is Avant-garde metal.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner is in the Progressive Metal genre.
The generated text is : Abradab is a solo singer.
The generated text is : Abradab was born on 1978-11-12.
The generated text is : Abradab was born in Poland.
The generated text is : The genre of Abradab is Hip Hop music.
The generated text is : Agustin Barboza's genre is Guarania music.
The generated text is : Ahmet Ertegun was born in Istanbul, Turkey.
The generated text is : Alan Frew's music genre is Rock.
The generated text is : Albennie Jones is associated with the band/musical artist Sammy Price.
The generated text is : Aleksandra Kovac is a solo singer.
The generated text is : Aleksandra Kovac was born in Yugoslavia.
The generated text is : Aleksandra Kovac's genre is Rhythm and Blues.
The generated text is : Aleksandra Kovac's genre is Soul music.
The generated text is : The genre of Alex Day is Synthpop.
The generated text is : Alfredo Zitarrosa is associated with the band/associated musical artist Hector Numa Moraes.
The generated text is : Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Montevideo.
The generated text is : Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Uruguay.
The generated text is : Alfredo Zitarrosa's record label is RCA Records.
The generated text is : Alison O'Donnell's active years started in 1963.
The generated text is : Alison O'Donnell's genre is Jazz.
The generated text is : Alison O'Donnell plays the voice, bodhran, percussion and autoharp.
The generated text is : Allen Forrest was born on February 4th, 1981.
The generated text is : Allen Forrest is in the Pop music genre.
The generated text is : Alligator Records is located in Chicago.
The generated text is : Johnny Sansone is associated with the band Anders Osborne.
The generated text is : Anders Osborne's genre is Rhythm and Blues.
The generated text is : Anders Osborne's record label is Alligator Records.
The generated text is : The genre of Andra singer is Rhythm and Blues.
The generated text is : Andrew Rayel's active years start in 2009.
The generated text is : Andrew Rayel is associated with the band Christian Burns.
The generated text is : Andrew Rayel was born in Chisinau, Moldova.
The generated text is : Marry Banilow is an associated band/musical artist with Andrew White.
The generated text is : Andrew White is a musician whose record label is B-Unique Records.
The generated text is : Asuncion is part of Gran Asuncion.
The generated text is : Christian Burns plays the guitar.
The generated text is : Gangsta rap is a subgenre of hip hop music.
The generated text is : Hip hop music has a stylistic origin in funk.
The generated text is : New wave music is the stylistic origin of Indie rock.
The generated text is : Manchester is part of Greater Manchester.
The generated text is : Polydor Records is located in London.
The generated text is : RCA Records is distributed by Sony Music Entertainment.
The generated text is : Rock and roll has a stylistic origin in the Blues.
The generated text is : Synthpop has a stylistic origin in Pop music.
The generated text is : British people live in the United Kingdom.
The generated text is : 19255 1994 VK8 has a density of 2.0 gramPerCubicCentimetres.
The generated text is : 29075 1950 DA was discovered by Carl A. Wirtanen.
The generated text is : 410777 2009 FD has an absolute Magnitude of 22.1.
The generated text is : The apoapsis of 410777 2009 FD is 259776702.47055 kilometres.
The generated text is : The apoapsis of 66063 1998 RO1 is 254989570.60815 kilometres.
The generated text is : 66063 1998 RO1 was created on 2013-11-04.
The generated text is : The escape velocity of 1000 Piazzia is 0.0252 kilometres per second.
The generated text is : The former name of 1001 Gaussia is 1923 OAA907 XC.
The generated text is : The maximum temperature of 1001 Gaussia is 165.0 kelvins.
The generated text is : The apoapsis of 101 Helena is 441092000.0 kilometres.
The generated text is : 101 Helena was completed on 2006-12-31.
The generated text is : 101 Helena has a mass of 3.0 kilograms.
The generated text is : 1036 Ganymed has an average speed of 16.86 km/s.
The generated text is : 103 Hera has an absolute Magnitude of 7.66.
The generated text is : 103 Heras weigh 7.9 kilograms.
The generated text is : 107 Camilla has an absolute Magnitude of 7.08.
The generated text is : 107 Camilla was discovered by A. Storrs.
The generated text is : The former name of 1089 Tama is A894 VA; A904 VD.
The generated text is : 1089 Tama has an orbital period of 1202.846 days.
The generated text is : 1097 Vicia has an average speed of 17.92 km/s.
The generated text is : 1097 Vicia was built on 2006-12-31.
The generated text is : 1097 Vicia has a rotation period of 95040.0.
The generated text is : 109 Felicitas was discovered by Christian Heinrich Friedrich Peters.
The generated text is : 109 Felicitas has periapsis of 283326000000.0.
The generated text is : The average speed of 10 Hygiea is 16.76 km/s.
The generated text is : 1101 Clematis has periapsis of 445895000000.0.
The generated text is : 110 Lydia was created on 2006-12-31.
The generated text is : The temperature of 11264 Claudiomaccone is 173.0 kelvins.
The generated text is : James Craig Watson graduated from the University of Michigan.
The generated text is : N. R. Pogson was born in Nottingham.
The generated text is : Aaron S. Daggett was awarded the Purple Heart and fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg.
The generated text is : Aaron S. Daggett fought in the Battle of Gettysburg and was awarded the Purple Heart.
The generated text is : Abdul Taib Mahmud's successor is Abdul Rahman Ya'kub who has Stephen Yong Kuet Tze as his deputy.
The generated text is : Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu.
The generated text is : Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Minna and graduated from Technical Institute Kaduna.
The generated text is : Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State and served as Chief of the Defence Staff in Nigeria.
The generated text is : Al-Amin Daggash is the successor to Abdulsalami Abubakar who served as the Chief of the Defence Staff in Nigeria.
The generated text is : Olusegun Obasanjo is the successor of Abdulsalami Abubakar who was active from 1999-05-29.
The generated text is : Abdulsalami Abubakar succeeded Olusegun Obasanjo and was Vice President under Mike Akhigbe.
The generated text is : Abner W. Sibal fought in World War II where Joseph Stalin was the commander.
The generated text is : Abner W. Sibal served in the United States Army which fought in the Korean War.
The generated text is : Adam Holloway was born in Kent and attended Magdalene College, Cambridge.
The generated text is : Adam Holloway was born in Kent and lives in Gravesend.
The generated text is : Adam Koc fought in World War I and was awarded the Virtuti Militari.
The generated text is : Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens and worked as Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally.
The generated text is : Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece.
The generated text is : Adonis Georgiadis was born in Greece and worked as the Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of the Popular Orthodox Rally.
The generated text is : Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendorf and worked as a Parliamentary group leader.
The generated text is : Airey Neave served in the Royal Artillery and was awarded the Military Cross.
The generated text is : Airey Neave was active from 1974-03-04 and fought in the Battle of France.
The generated text is : Airey Neave fought in the Battle of France where Hugo Sperrle was the commander.
The generated text is : Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge and fought in World War II.
The generated text is : Airey Neave fought in World War II where Franklin D Roosevelt was the commander.
The generated text is : Airey Neave fought in World War II where Joseph Stalin was the commander.
The generated text is : Albert B. White was born on 22nd September 1856 and died in 1941.
The generated text is : Albert B. White was born on 22nd September 1856 and was a politician.
The generated text is : Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York City and died in Dona Ana County, New Mexico.
The generated text is : Albert Jennings Fountain served as Vice President under Edmund J Davis and died in the New Mexico Territory.
The generated text is : Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York City and is a member of the Republican Party (United States).
The generated text is : Alberto Teisaire served as the Provisional President of the Argentine Senate and was succeeded by Isaac Rojas.
The generated text is : Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria-Hungary.
The generated text is : Alfons Gorbach was born in Tyrol, Austria.
The generated text is : Alfred Moore Scales served as the Governor of North Carolina and was succeeded by James W. Reid.
The generated text is : Alfred Moore Scales' successor is Daniel Gould Fowle, whose alma mater is Princeton University.
The generated text is : Alfred N. Phillips was born in Connecticut and served as a member of the United States House of Representatives.
The generated text is : Alfred N. Phillips served in the United States Army which fought in the American Civil War.
The generated text is : Allan Shivers fought in World War II where Joseph Stalin was the commander.
The generated text is : Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin, Texas and served as a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 Port Arthur.
The generated text is : Allan Shivers served as a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 Port Arthur. His successor was Ben Ramsey.
The generated text is : Alvah Sabin was born on 23 October 1793 and served as Secretary of State of Vermont.
The generated text is : Agnes Kant is from the Netherlands where the currency is the Euro.
The generated text is : Agnes Kant is from the Netherlands where Mark Rutte is the leader.
The generated text is : Albert B. White died in Parkersburg, West Virginia, United States.
The generated text is : Aaron Boogaard was born in Saskatchewan and plays for the Wichita Thunder.
The generated text is : Abel Hernandez plays for Penarol, whose manager is Jorge Orosman da Silva.
The generated text is : Abel Hernandez plays for U.S. Citta di Palermo and Penarol.
The generated text is : Adam Maher plays for the Netherlands national under-17 football team and AZ Alkmaar.
The generated text is : Adam Maher plays for PSV Eindhoven and the Netherlands national under-17 football team.
The generated text is : Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for Steel Azin F.C. and Al Shorta SC.
The generated text is : Thomas Doll is the manager of Ferencvarosi TC where Akeem Adams plays.
The generated text is : Akeem Adams plays for the Trinidad and Tobago national football team and the T&TEC Sports Club.
The generated text is : Akeem Ayers was drafted at 39 by the New England Patriots.
The generated text is : Akeem Ayers was drafted at 39 by the Tennessee Titans.
The generated text is : Akeem Dent was born on September 27th, 1987.
The generated text is : Akeem Priestley plays for the Connecticut Huskies and Sheikh Russel KC.
The generated text is : Akeem Priestley plays for RoPS and Sheikh Russel KC.
The generated text is : Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al-Khor Sports Club whose ground is in Al Khor.
The generated text is : Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC, whose manager is Amar Osim.
The generated text is : Alan Martin played football for Hamilton Academical F.C. and Leeds United F.C.
The generated text is : Alan Martin is a footballer for Hamilton Academical F.C., whose ground is New Douglas Park.
The generated text is : Aleksander Barkov Jr was born on September 2nd, 1995 and plays for the Florida Panthers.
The generated text is : Aleksander Barkov Jr was born in Tampere, Finland and plays for the Florida Panthers.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow, whose manager is Valery Petrakov.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow and FC Kuban Krasnodar.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Tom Tomsk who play in the Russian Football National League.
The generated text is : Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv and FC Dinamo Batumi.
The generated text is : Alex Plante was born in Manitoba in 1989.
The generated text is : Alex Tyus was born on January 8th, 1988 and plays for Pallacanestro Cantu.
The generated text is : Alex Tyus plays for Maccabi Tel Aviv B.C. and is in the Turkish Basketball Super League.
The generated text is : Alex Plante was born in Brandon, Manitoba where the Conservative Party of Canada is the leader.
The generated text is : Adam McQuaid was born in Canada where the national anthem is O Canada.
The generated text is : Adam McQuaid was born in Canada where the English language is spoken.
The generated text is : Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Dinamo Batumi and is managed by Levan Khomeriki.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow, whose ground is the Otkrytiye Arena.
The generated text is : Akeem Priestley plays for RoPS who play in the Veikkausliiga league.
The generated text is : Akeem Adams plays for United Petrotrin F.C. whose ground is the Palo Seco Velodrome.
The generated text is : Aaron Deer plays the guitar and his genre is Psychedelia.
The generated text is : Aaron Deer is from Indiana, United States.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner is associated with Twilight band and plays Electroacoustic music.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner sings and is in the Avant-garde metal genre.
The generated text is : Kaliber 44 and Magik rapper are associated with the band Abradab.
The generated text is : Abradab was born in Katowice on 12 November 1978.
The generated text is : Abradab was born in Katowice, Poland.
The generated text is : Ace Wilder's music genre is Hip Hop, which has a stylistic origin in Disco.
The generated text is : Ace Wilder, a solo singer, is signed to Warner Music Group.
The generated text is : Agustin Barboza was born in Paraguay and is signed to Philips Records.
The generated text is : Alan Frew's music genre is Rock and fusion genre is Bhangra music.
The generated text is : Alan Frew is from the genre of Rock music which has the stylistic origin of Country music.
The generated text is : Albennie Jones is a jazz musician whose style is influenced by the blues.
The generated text is : Aleksandra Kovac is a solo singer from the Pop genre.
The generated text is : Aleksandra Kovac's genre is Rhythm and Blues, which has the stylistic origin of Blues.
The generated text is : Aleksandra Kovac's genre is Soul music and her active years start in 1990.
The generated text is : Alex Day's genre is Synthpop, which has the stylistic origin of New Wave music.
The generated text is : Alfred Garth Jones was born in England in 1872.
The generated text is : Alfredo Zitarrosa is a solo singer who plays Milonga music.
The generated text is : Alfredo Zitarrosa is a Taquirari singer who has a background as a solo singer.
The generated text is : Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Uruguay and died in Montevideo.
The generated text is : Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Montevideo and died in Uruguay.
The generated text is : Alfredo Zitarrosa is a Zamba artist with a background as a solo singer.
The generated text is : Alison O'Donnell is associated with the band Plastik Mak and the musical artist Bajik.
The generated text is : Alison O'Donnell's genre is Folk rock and her record label is Floating World Records.
The generated text is : Alison O'Donnell plays the voice, bodhran, percussion and autoharp. Her genre is Jazz.
The generated text is : Allen Forrest is a solo singer who plays Hip Hop music.
The generated text is : Andrew White is a musician in the genre of Alternative rock which is a subgenre of Christian alternative rock.
The generated text is : Anders Osborne is associated with Phil Lesh and Friends and Tab Benoit.
The generated text is : Anders Osborne's genre is Rhythm and Blues and his record label is Rabadash Records.
The generated text is : Anders Osborne's genre is Rhythm and Blues and his record label is Shanachie Records.
The generated text is : Andra is a pop singer whose career started in 2000.
The generated text is : Andra is a singer who sings Rhythm and Blues which has the stylistic origin of Blues.
The generated text is : Andrew Rayel is associated with Christian Burns and Jonathan Mendelsohn.
The generated text is : Andrew Rayel is associated with Mark Sixma and Jonathan Mendelsohn.
The generated text is : Andrew Rayel is associated with Jwaydan Moyine and Armin van Buuren.
The generated text is : Andrew White is a musician in the genre of Alternative rock which has the stylistic origin of New wave music.
The generated text is : The Banjo is an instrument in Country music which is the genre of Al Anderson NRBQ band.
The generated text is : Andrew White is a musician whose record label is Polydor Records which is located in London.
The generated text is : The 19255 1994 VK8 has an escape velocity of 0.0925 kilometres per second and an apoapsis distance of 6603633000.0 kilometres.
The generated text is : The apoapsis of 410777 2009 FD is 259776702.47055 kilometres and the minimum temperature is 211.0 kelvins.
The generated text is : 410777 2009 FD was discovered by Spacewatch and has a periapsis of 88234300000.0.
The generated text is : 66063 1998 RO1's epoch is 2013-11-04 and its escape velocity is 0.0999 kilometres per second.
The generated text is : 66391 1999 KW4 has an orbital period of 16244700.0 and an epoch of 2004-07-14.
The generated text is : 66391 1999 KW4 was in service from 2004-07-14 and has a rotation period of 9953.28.
The generated text is : James Craig Watson, who discovered 101 Helena, died of peritonitis.
The generated text is : 1036 Ganymed has an apoapsis of 611961000.0 kilometres and an average speed of 16.86 km/s.
The generated text is : 1036 Ganymed was discovered by Walter Baade who was born in the German Empire.
The generated text is : Walter Baade, a German, discovered 1036 Ganymed.
The generated text is : James Craig Watson, who discovered 103 Hera, died of peritonitis.
The generated text is : James Craig Watson, a Canadian, discovered 103 Hera.
The generated text is : 107 Camilla was discovered by N. R. Pogson who was born in Nottingham.
The generated text is : 1089 Tama, formerly known as A919 HA; 1927 WB, was built on the 26th of November 2005.
The generated text is : 1089 Tama has a temperature of 179.0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 373513000.0 km.
The generated text is : 1097 Vicia has a periapsis of 279142000000.0 and the epoch is 2006-12-31.
The generated text is : 109 Felicitas has an apoapsis of 523329000.0 kilometres and a temperature of 170.0 kelvins.
The generated text is : 109 Felicitas was born on 2006-12-31 and has a periapsis of 283326000000.0.
The generated text is : 109 Felicitas was built in 2006-12-31 and has a rotation period of 47487.6.
The generated text is : 10 Hygiea has an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 km and a temperature of 164.0 kelvins.
The generated text is : 10 Hygiea, formerly known as A900 GA, was built on the 27th of June, 2015.
The generated text is : 110 Lydia was born on 2006-12-31 and has a mass of 6.7 kilograms.
The generated text is : 110 Lydia has an orbital period of 142603000.0 and an epoch of 2006-12-31.
The generated text is : The A-Rosa Luna is a cruise ship with a length of 125800.0 millimetres.
The generated text is : The ship A-Rosa Luna was ordered on the 22nd of January 2004 and is 125800.0 millimetres long.
The generated text is : AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruises which is located in Germany.
The generated text is : AIDA Cruises is the operator of AIDAluna and is located in Rostock.
The generated text is : AIDAluna has a top speed of 40.744 and a length of 252000.0 millimetres.
The generated text is : AIDAstella was christened on the 16th of March 2013 and is 253260.0 millimetres long.
The generated text is : The Montreal Locomotive Works built the ALCO RS-3 which has a diesel-electric transmission.
The generated text is : ALV X-1 has a diameter of 1.524 metres and has 2 stages.
The generated text is : The 1974 AMC Matador was assembled in Kenosha, Wisconsin.
The generated text is : The AMC Matador was designed by Richard A. Teague who worked for Chrysler.
The generated text is : ARA Veinticinco de Mayo V-2 is from Argentina and has a length of 192000.0 millimetres.
The generated text is : The Alfa Romeo 164 was assembled in Milan and is related to the Saab 9000.
The generated text is : The Alfa Romeo 164 was assembled in Italy and is related to the Fiat Croma.
The generated text is : The Alfa Romeo 164 was assembled in Italy and is related to the Lancia Thema.
The generated text is : Alvis Car and Engineering Company, located in Coventry, manufactures the Alvis Speed 25.
The generated text is : The Alvis Speed 25 has a single plate clutch, separate 4-speed gearbox, all-silent and all-syncromesh centre change lever, open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints, spiral bevel, fully floating back axle and an engine of 4387.0 cubic centimeters.
The generated text is : The Alvis Speed 25 has a single plate clutch, separate 4-speed gearbox, all-silent and all-syncromesh centre change lever, open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints, spiral bevel, fully floating back axle, and a straight-six engine.
The generated text is : American Motors is the manufacturer of the AMC Matador which is the successor to the Eagle automobile.
The generated text is : The Antares rocket was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport on January 9th, 2014.
The generated text is : ARA Veinticinco de Mayo V-2 is from Argentina where Gabriela Michetti is the leader.
The generated text is : Airbus Defence and Space is the manufacturer of Ariane 5 which was launched from ELA-3.
The generated text is : Ariane 5 is manufactured by Airbus Defence and Space whose parent company is Airbus Group.
The generated text is : The Aston Martin V8 was assembled in the United Kingdom and is related to the Aston Martin RHAM/1.
The generated text is : The successor to the Aston Martin V8 is the Aston Martin Virage.
The generated text is : Aston Martin DBS is a related means of transportation to the Aston Martin V8 which is the successor to the Aston Martin Virage.
The generated text is : The successor to the Aston Martin V8 is the Aston Martin Virage which is manufactured by Aston Martin.
The generated text is : Atlas II, with a diameter of 3.04 m, was completed on March 16th, 1998.
The generated text is : Atlas II was manufactured by Lockheed Martin and launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
The generated text is : The Audi A1 is manufactured by Audi, whose division is Audi e-tron.
The generated text is : Audi, a subsidiary of Ducati, is the manufacturer of the Audi A1.
The generated text is : Audi's subsidiary, Quattro GmbH, is the manufacturer of the Audi A1.
The generated text is : Douglas R. Oberhelman is a key person at Caterpillar Inc. which is the power source of AIDAluna.
The generated text is : Vandenberg Air Force Base is the launch site for the Delta II rocket, which is comparable to the Antares rocket.
The generated text is : The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in Finland where Juha Sipila is the leader.
The generated text is : The American submarine NR-1 was built by General Dynamics Electric Boat, whose parent company is General Dynamics.
The generated text is : MTU Friedrichshafen, owned by Rolls-Royce Holdings, is the power source for the A-Rosa Luna.
The generated text is : Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom where the Aston Martin V8 was assembled.
The generated text is : Aaron S. Daggett was born in Maine and fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg. He was awarded the Purple Heart.
The generated text is : Ab Klink was born in the Netherlands and attended Erasmus University in Rotterdam. He is a member of the Christian Democratic Appeal party.
The generated text is : Stephen Yong Kuet Tze is the deputy of Abdul Rahman Ya'kub who was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak. His successor is Abdul Rahman Ya'kub.
The generated text is : Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and is a member of the Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak party.
The generated text is : Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State, graduated from Technical Institute Kaduna and worked as the Chief of the Defence Staff in Nigeria.
The generated text is : Abdulsalami Abubakar is the military branch of the Nigerian Air Force and his successor is Olusegun Obasanjo who was Vice President while Atiku Abubakar was in office.
The generated text is : Abdulsalami Abubakar is the military branch of the Nigerian Army and his successor is Olusegun Obasanjo who was Vice President while Atiku Abubakar was in office.
The generated text is : Abel Caballero was born in Ponteareas, Galicia, Spain and served as a member of the Congress of Deputies.
The generated text is : Abel Caballero was born in Galicia, Spain and is a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party.
The generated text is : Abner W. Sibal served in the United States Army and fought in World War II where Joseph Stalin was the commander.
The generated text is : Abner W. Sibal was born in Ridgewood, Queens and served as a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District. He is a member of the Republican Party of the United States.
The generated text is : Adam Holloway served in the Grenadier Guards and fought in the Gulf War, which was commanded by George H. W. Bush.
The generated text is : Adam Holloway was born in Faversham and attended Magdalene College, Cambridge. He is a member of the Conservative Party (UK).
The generated text is : Adam Koc was born in Congress, Poland and fought in the Polish-Soviet War, whose commander was Leon Trotsky.
The generated text is : Adam Koc fought in the Polish-Soviet War which is part of the Russian Civil War and whose commander was Leon Trotsky.
The generated text is : Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece and worked as Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally.
The generated text is : Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece and served as Minister for Health.
The generated text is : Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister when Adonis Georgiadis was in office. He is a member of the New Democracy (Greece) party which is blue.
The generated text is : Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands where Mark Rutte is the leader. She served as a member of the House of Representatives.
The generated text is : Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands where Mark Rutte is the leader. She is a member of the Socialist Party Netherlands.
The generated text is : Agnes Kant was born in West Germany and graduated from Radboud University in Nijmegen. She served as a Member of the House of Representatives.
The generated text is : Airey Neave fought in World War II and was active from 1953-06-30 until 1979-03-30.
The generated text is : Airey Neave fought in World War II and was active from 1974-03-04 until 1979-03-30.
The generated text is : Albert B. White was born on the 22nd of September 1856 and died on the 3rd of July 1941.
The generated text is : Albert B. White's spouse was Agnes Ward White who was born in Marietta, Ohio. His successor was William M. O. Dawson.
The generated text is : Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island and died in the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
The generated text is : Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island, New York City and died in the New Mexico Territory.
The generated text is : Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island, New York and died in the United States.
The generated text is : Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires where the governing body is the Buenos Aires City Legislature and the leader is Horacio Rodriguez Larreta.
The generated text is : Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina and served as a rear admiral. His successor was Isaac Rojas.
The generated text is : Alfons Gorbach was born in the County of Tyrol, Austria and died in Graz.
The generated text is : Alfred N. Phillips was born in Connecticut and served as a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district. His successor was Albert E. Austin.
The generated text is : Alfred N. Phillips was born in Darien, Connecticut and served as a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district. His successor was Albert E. Austin.
The generated text is : Allan Shivers served as a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 Port Arthur and was a member of the Democratic Party (United States). His successor was Wilfred R. Cousins Jr.
The generated text is : Alvah Sabin's active years end date is 1857-03-03 and she is from the region of Vermont where the largest city is Burlington.
The generated text is : Alvah Sabin was born on the 23rd of October 1793. She was a member of the Whig Party (United States), whose leader is Henry Clay.
The generated text is : Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia, Vermont and is a member of the Whig Party (United States), whose leader is Daniel Webster.
The generated text is : Albert Jennings Fountain was born in the United States and fought in the American Civil War where Abraham Lincoln was the commander.
The generated text is : Alfred Moore Scales fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg which is part of the American Civil War. Jefferson Davis was the commander of the American Civil War.
The generated text is : Alfons Gorbach was born in the County of Tyrol and died in Austria where Doris Bures is the leader.
The generated text is : Alfons Gorbach was born in Tyrol and died in Austria where Doris Bures is the leader.
The generated text is : Alfons Gorbach died in Styria, Austria where Doris Bures is the leader.
The generated text is : Aaron S. Daggett fought in the Battle of Salem Church which was a part of the American Civil War and was commanded by Robert E. Lee.
The generated text is : Ab Klink was born in Stellendam and is a national of the Netherlands where the currency is the Euro.
The generated text is : Adam Koc is from Poland where the Kashubians are an ethnic group and the Polish language is spoken.
The generated text is : The 19255 1994 VK8 has an escape velocity of 0.0925 kilometres per second, a mass of 5.6 kilograms and an apoapsis distance of 6603633000.0 kilometres.
The generated text is : 410777 2009 FD was discovered by Spacewatch and has an orbital period of 39447000.0 and a periapsis of 88234300000.0.
The generated text is : The apoapsis of 66063 1998 RO1 is 254989570.60815 km and the minimum temperature is -71.0 degrees Celsius. The maximum temperature is 500.0 kelvins.
The generated text is : 66391 1999 KW4 has an apoapsis of 162164091.8388 kilometres and a speed of 37.16 kilometres per second.
The generated text is : 1000 Piazzia's orbital period is 488160.0 and its periapsis is 352497000000.0. Its epoch is 2015-06-27.
The generated text is : 1001 Gaussia, formerly known as 1923 OAA907 XC, has a periapsis of 419113394.55312 kilometres and was built on the 27th of June, 2015.
The generated text is : 101 Helena has a mass of 3.0 kilograms, a escape velocity of 0.0348 km/s and an apoapsis distance of 441092000.0 km.
The generated text is : Walter Baade, a German national, discovered 1036 Ganymed. His alma mater was the University of Gottingen.
The generated text is : James Craig Watson was the discoverer of 103 Hera which was discovered on 27 August 2011 and died in Madison, Wisconsin.
The generated text is : James Craig Watson, who discovered 103 Hera, died in Madison, Wisconsin of peritonitis.
The generated text is : 103 Hera's orbital period is 1622.213 days and its apoapsis is 437170000.0 kilometres. Its epoch is 2011-08-27.
The generated text is : 103 Hera has an escape velocity of 0.0482 kilometres per second, a temperature of 170.0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 437170000.0 kilometres.
The generated text is : 107 Camilla was discovered by N. R. Pogson who was born in Nottingham, England.
The generated text is : The orbital period of 1089 Tama (formerly known as A894 VA; A904 VD) is 1202.846 days and its epoch is 2005-11-26.
The generated text is : 1089 Tama has an apoapsis of 373513000.0 kilometres and an epoch of 2005-11-26.
The generated text is : 1097 Vicia, formerly known as 1928 PC, has a periapsis of 279142000000.0 and was erected on 2006-12-31.
The generated text is : 109 Felicitas has a mass of 7.5 kilograms and an orbital period of 139705000.0. It was launched on December 31, 2006.
The generated text is : The orbital period of 109 Felicitas is 139705000.0 and its apoapsis is 523329000.0 kilometres. Its epoch is 2006-12-31.
The generated text is : 10 Hygiea's orbital period is 5.57 days and its average speed is 16.76 km/s. Its apoapsis is 523951582.33968 km.
The generated text is : The apoapsis of 10 Hygiea is 523951582.33968 kilometres and its average speed is 16.76 kilometres per second. It has a surface area of 837080.744 square kilometres.
The generated text is : 10 Hygiea has a surface area of 837080.744 squareKilometres and an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 km. It has a temperature of 164.0 kelvins.
The generated text is : 110 Lydia was born on 2006-12-31, has a periapsis of 377016000000.0 and a mass of 6.7 kilograms.
The generated text is : 110 Lydia has an apoapsis of 440756000.0 kilometres and a periapsis of 377016000000.0.
The generated text is : Aaron Bertram is associated with the band Kids Imagine Nation and the band Suburban Legends, who play Pop music.
The generated text is : Aaron Deer is an Indie rock band from Indiana, United States.
The generated text is : Aaron Deer is from Indiana, United States and his genre is Psychedelia.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner is associated with Twilight band and Greymachine. His genre is Black metal.
The generated text is : Drone music is the genre of Aaron Turner who is associated with Twilight band and Greymachine.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner is associated with Twilight band and Mamiffer. His genre is Ambient music.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner plays the electric guitar and is part of the genre Black metal which is a fusion genre with death metal.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner sings and plays the saxophone. His genre is Black metal which is a fusion genre with death metal.
The generated text is : Abradab was born on 12 November 1978. He is associated with the band Kaliber 44 and the rapper Magik.
The generated text is : Kaliber 44 and Magik rapper are associated with the band Abradab which is from Katowice.
The generated text is : Ace Wilder is a hip hop artist whose genres include Funk and Disco.
The generated text is : Agustin Barboza was born in Asuncion, Paraguay, where the leader is Juan Afara.
The generated text is : Al Anderson, a member of the NRBQ band, sings and is associated with the genre of Rock music.
The generated text is : Alan Frew is from the genre of Rock music which has the origins of Country music and is fused with Bhangra music.
The generated text is : Albennie Jones is from the genre of Jazz which has the origins of Blues and Afrobeat.
The generated text is : Albennie Jones, who was born in Errata, Mississippi, is a member of the Rhythm and Blues genre which is a derivative of Disco.
The generated text is : Aleksandra Kovac is associated with Bebi Dol and the K2 Kovac sisters duo. Her music genre is Pop.
The generated text is : Aleksandra Kovac is associated with Bebi Dol and Kornelije Kovac. Her music genre is Pop.
The generated text is : Aleksandra Kovac is associated with the K2 Kovac sisters duo and the genre is Rhythm and Blues. Kristina Kovac is also associated with the band.
The generated text is : Alex Day's genre is Synthpop, which has its stylistic origins in Pop music and Disco.
The generated text is : Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, England and died in Sidcup.
The generated text is : Alfred Garth Jones was born in England and died in London.
The generated text is : Alfred Garth Jones is a British national who was born in Manchester and died in London.
The generated text is : Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester where the Labour Party is the leader. He died in Sidcup.
The generated text is : Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup and died in London where Boris Johnson is the leader.
The generated text is : Alison O'Donnell is associated with the band Flibbertigibbet and the musical artist Mellow Candle. Her genre is Folk music of Ireland.
The generated text is : Alison O'Donnell is associated with Mellow Candle and Flibbertigibbet. She plays folk music.
The generated text is : Alison O'Donnell plays the voice, bodhran, percussion and autoharp. Her genre is Jazz which is a derivative of Funk.
The generated text is : Alison O'Donnell's genre is Jazz, which is a derivative of Funk. Her record label is Static Caravan Recordings.
The generated text is : Allen Forrest was born in Dothan, Alabama and is a solo singer.
The generated text is : Allen Forrest was born in Dothan, Alabama and is a solo singer. His genre is Rhythm and Blues.
The generated text is : Andrew White is a musician in the genre of Alternative rock which is a fusion of the genres of Nu metal and new wave music.
The generated text is : Anders Osborne is associated with Billy Iuso, Tab Benoit and Kirk Joseph.
The generated text is : Anders Osborne, a member of the rock genre, is signed to Rabadash Records. He also plays bhangra music.
The generated text is : Andra singer is associated with Puya singer and CRBL. Her genre is Dance-pop.
The generated text is : Andreea Balan and Marius Moga are associated with the band/musical artist Andra who sings Rhythm and Blues.
The generated text is : Andra is a solo singer who sings Rhythm and Blues which is a derivative of Disco.
The generated text is : Andrew Rayel is associated with Christian Burns and Jonathan Mendelsohn. He plays trance music.
The generated text is : Andrew Rayel is associated with Jonathan Mendelsohn and Bobina. He plays trance music.
The generated text is : Andrew Rayel is associated with the band Jwaydan Moyine and the musical artist Christian Burns who plays House music.
The generated text is : Andrew White is associated with Marry Banilow, Kaiser Chiefs and the defunct Universal Records record label.
The generated text is : Aaron Bertram is associated with the band Suburban Legends and plays Ska punk which has the stylistic origin of Ska.
The generated text is : Albennie Jones was born in Errata, Mississippi, United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
The generated text is : The 1955 Dodge, also known as Dodge Coronet, has a V8 engine and a 3-speed automatic transmission.
The generated text is : The A-Rosa Luna is a cruise ship which was ordered on the 22nd of January 2004 and has a length of 125800.0 millimetres.
The generated text is : The ship A-Rosa Luna has a displacement of 1850.0 tonnes, a top speed of 24.0 and a length of 125800.0 millimetres.
The generated text is : AIDA Cruises is located in Germany and operates AIDAstella which is owned by Costa Crociere.
The generated text is : AIDAstella was christened on March 16th, 2013 and is in service until March 17th, 2013. Her length is 253260.0 millimetres.
The generated text is : The American Locomotive Company built the ALCO RS-3 which has a four-stroke engine and is 17068.8 millimetres long.
The generated text is : The American Locomotive Company built the ALCO RS-3 which has a V12 engine and is 17068.8 millimetres long.
The generated text is : The American Locomotive Company was founded in Schenectady, New York and built the ALCO RS-3 which is 17068.8 millimetres long.
The generated text is : ALV X-1 originates from the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group and the people are known as Americans.
The generated text is : ALV X-1 originates from the United States where the Native Americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is Washington D.C.
The generated text is : The ALV X-1 has a diameter of 1.524 metres, 2 stages and 1 launch.
The generated text is : The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe was produced in 1958 and has a straight-four engine.
The generated text is : The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe is a two door coupe with a wheelbase of 2160.0 millimetres and a width of 1.55.
The generated text is : The Aleksey Chirikov icebreaker was built by Arctech Helsinki Shipyard and has a beam of 21.2.
The generated text is : The Fiat Croma is a related means of transportation to the Alfa Romeo 164 which was assembled in Italy, the capital of which is Rome.
The generated text is : The Alfa Romeo 164 was assembled in Italy, the capital of which is Rome. It is related to the Lancia Thema.
The generated text is : The Alfa Romeo 164 is related to the Lancia Thema and the Fiat Croma. It is assembled in Arese.
The generated text is : The Alfa Romeo 164 is related to the Fiat Croma and the Saab 9000. It is assembled in Milan.
The generated text is : Launched on 31 May 1855, the ship Alhambra has a beam of 8.3 m and a length of 63800.0 millimetres.
The generated text is : Alhambra was launched on 31st May 1855 with a beam of 8.3 m and is now wrecked.
The generated text is : Alvis Car and Engineering Company, founded in Coventry, is the manufacturer of the Alvis Speed 25 which has a petrol engine.
The generated text is : Roy D. Chapin Jr. was a key person at American Motors, the manufacturer of the AMC Matador, which has the fate of the Eagle automobile.
The generated text is : The Antares rocket was manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office and is comparable to the Delta II rocket which is from the United States.
The generated text is : The Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 is the launch site for the Antares rocket which is a medium expendable launch system and is manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office.
The generated text is : Arianespace is the manufacturer of the Ariane 5 and it's launch site is ELA-3 at the Guiana Space Centre.
The generated text is : The Aston Martin V8 has a 5.3 litre engine and is assembled in Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, United Kingdom. It is related to the Aston Martin DBS.
The generated text is : The Aston Martin V8 has a 5.3 litre engine and was assembled in the United Kingdom. It is related to the Aston Martin DBS.
The generated text is : Atlas II originates from the United States and was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base and Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
The generated text is : Atlas II is from the United States where Native Americans are an ethnic group and the leader is known as the President.
The generated text is : Atlas II is from the United States and launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station and Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36.
The generated text is : The Audi A1 is a hatchback with a 1.2 litre engine and is assembled in Audi Brussels.
The generated text is : The Audi A1 is manufactured by Audi and is related to the SEAT Ibiza and the Volkswagen Polo.
The generated text is : AIDAluna is powered by Caterpillar Inc. which was founded in California and is located in Peoria, Illinois.
The generated text is : AIDAluna is owned by AIDA Cruises and powered by Caterpillar Inc. which is located in Illinois.
The generated text is : AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruises and owned by Costa Crociere in Genoa.
The generated text is : The Antares rocket is comparable to the Delta II rocket which was launched from Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2 in the United States.
The generated text is : ELA-3, the launch site for Ariane 5, is located at the Guiana Space Centre in French Guiana.
The generated text is : ELA-3, the launch site for Ariane 5, is located at the Guiana Space Centre in Kourou, French Guiana.
The generated text is : A-Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft in Rostock, Germany.
The generated text is : Atlas II is from the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group and the people are known as Americans.
The generated text is : Aaron Hunt plays for VfL Wolfsburg, Goslarer SC 08 and SV Werder Bremen.
The generated text is : Aaron Hunt plays for VfL Wolfsburg and SV Werder Bremen II. Dieter Hecking is the manager of VfL Wolfsburg.
The generated text is : Abel Hernandez plays for Hull City A.F.C. and U.S. Citta di Palermo. He also plays for Central Espanol youth club.
The generated text is : Abel Hernandez plays for Central Espanol, U.S. Citta di Palermo and Penarol.
The generated text is : Adam Maher, born in the Netherlands, plays for PSV Eindhoven and AZ Alkmaar.
The generated text is : Akeem Adams plays for United Petrotrin F.C. and W Connection F.C. and their ground is Palo Seco.
The generated text is : Akeem Ayers, who played for the Los Angeles Rams, was drafted in the 2nd round and picked 39th overall.
The generated text is : Akeem Ayers played for the St. Louis Rams and was drafted in the 2nd round with the pick 39.
The generated text is : Akeem Dent was born on the 27th of September 1987 in Atlanta, Georgia. He made his debut with the Atlanta Falcons.
The generated text is : Alaa Abdul-Zahra was born in Iraq and plays for the Shabab Al-Ordon Club and the Iraq national under-20 football team.
The generated text is : Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC, whose ground is in Al Khor, and Shabab Al-Ordon Club.
The generated text is : Alan Martin was born on January 1st, 1989 and played for Hamilton Academical F.C. and Clyde FC.
The generated text is : Alan Martin played football for Motherwell F.C. and now plays for Accrington Stanley F.C., whose ground is in Accrington.
The generated text is : Aleksander Barkov Jr was born in Tampere, Finland on September 2nd, 1995. He plays for the Florida Panthers.
The generated text is : Aleksander Barkov Jr was born in Tampere, Finland on September 2nd, 1995. He was drafted by the Florida Panthers.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Chumakov was born in the Soviet Union and died in Russia where Vladimir Putin is the leader.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on February 24, 1989 and plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar and FC Alania Vladikavkaz.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on the 24th of February 1989 and plays for the Russia national football B team and FC Tom Tomsk.
The generated text is : Aleksandre Guruli plays for AZAL PFK and plays for Olympique Lyonnais, whose ground is the Parc Olympique Lyonnais.
The generated text is : Aleksandre Guruli plays for US Lesquin and plays for Olympique Lyonnais, whose ground is the Parc Olympique Lyonnais.
The generated text is : Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.C. Milan and the Italy under-16 football team. His manager is Sinisa Mihajlovic.
The generated text is : Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.C. Milan and U.C. Sampdoria. His manager is Sinisa Mihajlovic.
The generated text is : Alessio Romagnoli is attached to the club A.S. Roma and plays for the Italy national under-16 football team whose coach is Daniele Zoratto.
The generated text is : Alessio Romagnoli was born in Italy and plays for the Italy under-17 football team and U.C. Sampdoria.
The generated text is : Alex Plante was born in Brandon, Manitoba and plays for Anyang Halla. He is 1.9304 tall.
The generated text is : Alex Plante was born in Canada and plays for Anyang Halla. He is 1.9304 tall.
The generated text is : Zvi Sherf is the coach of Maccabi Ashdod B.C. where Alex Tyus plays in the Euroleague.
The generated text is : Alex Tyus plays for Maccabi Ashdod B.C. and is in the Turkish Basketball Super League. Zvi Sherf is the coach of Maccabi Ashdod B.C.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudnikov is in the FC Tom Tomsk club and plays for FC Spartak Moscow. The club's ground is the Otkrytiye Arena.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Anzhi Makhachkala and is part of the youth club FC Spartak Moscow. The club's ground is the Otkrytiye Arena.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow who were in the Russian Premier League in 2014-15. Their manager is Valery Petrakov.
The generated text is : Steve Bruce manages Hull City A.F.C. and Abel Hernandez plays for Hull City A.F.C. and the Uruguay Olympic football team.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Chumakov was born in Moscow where Sergey Sobyanin is the leader. He died in Russia.
The generated text is : Luis Miguel Ramis is the manager of Real Madrid Castilla where Abner is a member of the Brazil national under-20 football team.
The generated text is : The manager of Real Madrid Castilla is Luis Miguel Ramis. The footballer Abner plays for Real Madrid Castilla and C.D. FAS.
The generated text is : Alex Tyus was born in St. Louis which is part of Greater St. Louis. Francis G. Slay is the leader of St. Louis.
The generated text is : Akeem Ayers played for the New England Patriots before joining the Tennessee Titans in Nashville, Tennessee.
The generated text is : Akeem Adams is a member of the Trinidad and Tobago national under-20 football team and plays for United Petrotrin F.C. which has its ground at Palo Seco.
The generated text is : Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen II who play in the 3. Liga league and are managed by Alexander Nouri.
The generated text is : Abel Hernandez is in the youth club Central Espanol and plays for Penarol. He also plays for Hull City A.F.C. whose manager is Steve Bruce.
The generated text is : Jorge Orosman da Silva manages Penarol which is managed by Abel Hernandez who plays for Central Espanol and U.S. Citta di Palermo.
The generated text is : Giuseppe Iachini is the manager of U.S. Citta di Palermo who play in Serie A. Abel Hernandez plays for Penarol youth club.
The generated text is : Adam McQuaid was born on October 12th, 1986 in Prince Edward Island. He weighs 94.8024 kilograms.
The generated text is : Adam McQuaid, who was drafted by the Columbus Blue Jackets, plays for the Boston Bruins, whose general manager is Don Sweeney.
The generated text is : Akeem Ayers was born on July 10th, 1989. He played for the St Louis Rams before joining the Tennessee Titans.
The generated text is : Akeem Dent was born on September 27th, 1987 in Atlanta, Georgia. He played for the Houston Texans.
The generated text is : Akeem Dent was born on the 27th of September 1987 in Atlanta, Georgia. He played for the Houston Texans before joining the Atlanta Falcons.
The generated text is : Al Kharaitiyat SC is managed by Amar Osim and its ground is Al Khor. Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al-Zawra'a SC.
The generated text is : Alaa Abdul-Zahra is a member of the Iraq national under 23 football team and plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC. Al Kharaitiyat SC's ground is Al Khor and their manager is Amar Osim.
The generated text is : Alaa Abdul-Zahra is in the Shabab Al-Ordon Club and plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC. The club's manager is Amar Osim and their ground is in Al Khor.
The generated text is : Alan Martin was born on January 1st, 1989. He plays for Hamilton Academical F.C. and Crewe Alexandra F.C. He is 185.42 centimetres tall.
The generated text is : Alan Martin was born on January 1st, 1989. He is 185.42 cm tall and plays for Crewe Alexandra F.C. and the Scotland under-21 football team.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on the 24th of February 1989 and is 185.0 cm tall. He plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar and FC Dynamo Moscow.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 24 February 1989. He plays for FC Spartak Moscow and FC Rubin Kazan. He is 185 cm tall.
The generated text is : Aleksandre Guruli was born in Batumi and plays for FC Karpaty Lviv and FC Zestafoni. He is 178 cm tall.
The generated text is : Alex Plante was born in Canada on the 9th of May 1989. He plays for Anyang Halla.
The generated text is : Alex Plante was born in Canada in 1989. He is 1.9304 tall and plays for Anyang Halla.
The generated text is : Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada where Elizabeth II is the leader and Inuktitut is the language spoken.
The generated text is : Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada where the anthem is O Canada, Elizabeth II is the leader and Asian Canadians are an ethnic group.
The generated text is : Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada where Elizabeth II is the leader, the anthem is O Canada and the Slavey language is spoken.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudnikov is in the FC Kuban Krasnodar club and plays for FC Terek Grozny. The club's manager is Rashid Rakhimov and their ground is in Grozny.
The generated text is : The chairman of FC Torpedo Moscow is Aleksandr Tukmanov. The club is managed by Valery Petrakov and played in the 2014-15 Russian Premier League season.
The generated text is : Akeem Dent, who made his debut with the Atlanta Falcons, played for the Houston Texans in Houston, Texas.
The generated text is : Steve Bruce manages Hull City A.F.C. and Abel Hernandez plays for Penarol in the Uruguayan Primera Division.
The generated text is : The orbital period of 19255 1994 VK8 is 8788850000.0, it has a periapsis of 6155910000000.0 and an apoapsis of 6603633000.0 kilometres. The epoch is 2006-12-31.
The generated text is : 66063 1998 RO1's orbital period is 360.29 days, its escape velocity is 0.0999 kilometres per second and its apoapsis is 254989570.60815 kilometres. It was launched on 4 November 2013.
The generated text is : 66063 1998 RO1 has a mean temperature of 265.0 kelvins, an orbital period of 360.29 days and an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 kilometres. It was launched on 4 November 2013.
The generated text is : 1000 Piazzia has an orbital period of 488160.0, a periapsis of 352497000000.0 and an escape velocity of 0.0252 kilometres per second. It was discovered on the 27th of June, 2015.
The generated text is : 1001 Gaussia was discovered by Sergey Belyavsky on the 27th of June 2015 and has a periapsis of 419113394.55312 kilometres. Its former name was 1923 OAA907 XC.
The generated text is : Walter Baade was born in the German Empire and graduated from the University of Gottingen. He was a doctoral student at the University of Gottingen and discovered 1036 Ganymed.
The generated text is : Walter Baade was born in Preussisch Oldendorf and graduated from the University of Gottingen. He was a doctoral student at the University of Gottingen and discovered 1036 Ganymed.
The generated text is : The discoverer of 1036 Ganymed was Walter Baade who was a doctoral student at the University of Gottingen and died in West Germany.
The generated text is : James Craig Watson, who discovered 103 Hera, died in Madison, Wisconsin of peritonitis. His alma mater was the University of Michigan.
The generated text is : The apoapsis of 103 Hera is 437170000.0 kilometres. It was discovered by James Craig Watson, a Canadian who died in Madison, Wisconsin.
The generated text is : James Craig Watson was a Canadian who discovered 103 Hera. He died of peritonitis in Madison, Wisconsin.
The generated text is : N. R. Pogson was born in Nottingham and died in Chennai. He discovered 107 Camilla which has a periapsis of 479343000.0 kilometres.
The generated text is : N. R. Pogson was born in Nottingham and died in Chennai. He discovered 107 Camilla on the 1st of March 2001.
The generated text is : The orbital period of 1089 Tama (formerly known as A894 VA; A904 VD) is 1202.846 days and it has a periapsis of 288749000000.0. The epoch of 1089 Tama is 2005-11-26.
The generated text is : 1089 Tama's orbital period is 1202.846 days and its escape velocity is 0.0068 kilometres per second. Its apoapsis is 373513000.0 kilometres and its epoch is 2005-11-26.
The generated text is : 1097 Vicia has a mass of 9.8 kilograms, an orbital period of 135589000.0 and an apoapsis of 511592000.0 kilometres. It was launched on 2006-12-31.
The generated text is : The orbital period of 109 Felicitas is 139705000.0, it has a periapsis of 283326000000.0 and an escape velocity of 0.0473 kilometres per second. Its epoch is 2006-12-31.
The generated text is : The orbital period of 10 Hygiea (formerly known as A900 GA) is 5.57 days and it has a periapsis of 416136000000.0. Its epoch is 2015-06-27.
The generated text is : 1101 Clematis has an orbital period of 183309000.0 and an escape velocity of 0.02 km/s. Its apoapsis is 520906000.0 kilometres and its epoch is 2006-12-31.
The generated text is : The former name of 1101 Clematis is 1928 SJ and its epoch is 2006-12-31. Its orbital period is 183309000.0 and its periapsis is 445895000000.0.
The generated text is : 1101 Clematis has a escape velocity of 0.02 kilometres per second, an orbital period of 183309000.0 and a periapsis of 445895000000.0. Its epoch is 2006-12-31.
The generated text is : Dodge manufactured the 1955 Dodge which has a V8 engine, a 3-speed automatic transmission and a wheelbase of 120 inches.
The generated text is : DeSoto Custom, a successor to the DeSoto Firedome, is a related means of transportation to the Chrysler Newport and the 1955 Dodge.
The generated text is : AIDA Cruises is located in Rostock and operates AIDAstella which was built by Meyer Werft and owned by Costa Crociere.
The generated text is : AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruises and is owned by Costa Crociere. She was built by Meyer Werft and has a length of 253260 millimetres.
The generated text is : The American Locomotive Company built the ALCO RS-3 between May 1950 and August 1956. It has a V12 engine and a diesel-electric transmission.
The generated text is : The American Locomotive Company built the ALCO RS-3 between May 1950 and August 1956. It has a length of 17068.8 millimetres and a V12 engine.
The generated text is : The American Locomotive Company was founded in Schenectady, New York, in the United States. It is the builder of the ALCO RS-3 which is 17068.8 millimetres long.
The generated text is : The Montreal Locomotive Works built the ALCO RS-3 between May 1950 and August 1956. It has a V12 engine and a diesel-electric transmission.
The generated text is : The Montreal Locomotive Works built the ALCO RS-3 between May 1950 and August 1956. It has 12 cylinders and a four stroke engine.
The generated text is : The American Motors Matador (abbreviated to AMC Matador) is a station wagon manufactured in Mexico City and has an AMC V8 engine.
The generated text is : The AMC Matador, also known as VAM Classic, is a mid-size car assembled in Kenosha, Wisconsin and has an AMC straight-6 engine.
The generated text is : Acura TLX is a mid-size car manufactured in Marysville, Ohio. It has front-wheel drive and all-wheel drive and the engine is a Honda K engine.
The generated text is : Acura TLX is a luxury vehicle that is assembled at Marysville Auto Plant. It has a V6 engine and a front-engine layout.
The generated text is : The Aleksey Chirikov icebreaker was built by Arctech Helsinki Shipyard in Finland. It has a beam of 21.2 and is currently in service.
The generated text is : The Aleksey Chirikov icebreaker was built in Helsinki, Finland, where the leader is Juha Sipila.
The generated text is : The Aleksey Chirikov icebreaker, built by Arctech Helsinki Shipyard, has a beam of 21.2 and is currently in service.
The generated text is : The Alfa Romeo 164 was assembled in Italy and has a straight-four engine. It is related to the Lancia Thema and the Saab 9000.
The generated text is : The Alfa Romeo 164 was assembled in Italy and has a V6 engine. It is related to the Fiat Croma and the Saab 9000.
The generated text is : Alhambra was launched on 31 May 1855 and has a beam of 8.3 m and a length of 63800.0 millimetres. It is wrecked.
The generated text is : Alvis Car and Engineering Company, founded in Coventry, is the successor of Rover Company and manufactures the Alvis Speed 25 which has a petrol engine.
The generated text is : Alvis Car and Engineering Company, founded in Coventry, is the successor of Rover Company and manufactures the Alvis Speed 25 which has a straight-six engine.
The generated text is : American Motors was founded by Roy D. Chapin Jr. and produced the AMC Matador and the successor, the Eagle. Chrysler took over American Motors.
The generated text is : The American submarine NR-1 was built by General Dynamics Electric Boat and launched on 25 January 1969. It has a beam of 3.8 m and a top speed of 8.334.
The generated text is : Launched on 25 January 1969, the American submarine NR-1 has a beam of 3.8 metres and a top speed of 8.334.
The generated text is : Yuzhnoye Design Office is the manufacturer of the Antares rocket which was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. Its maiden flight was on 21st April 2013 and its final flight was on 28th October 2014.
The generated text is : Yuzhnoye Design Office is the manufacturer of the Antares rocket which was launched from Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 on April 21st, 2013 and completed its maiden flight on September 18th, 2013.
The generated text is : The Aston Martin Virage is the successor to the Aston Martin V8 which was manufactured by Aston Martin and assembled in the United Kingdom, the capital of which is London.
The generated text is : The Aston Martin V8 has a 5.3 litre engine and was assembled in the United Kingdom. It is related to the Aston Martin DBS and the Aston Martin RHAM/1.
The generated text is : The Aston Martin Virage is the successor to the Aston Martin V8 which has a 5.3 litre engine and is related to the Aston Martin DBS.
The generated text is : Atlas II, which has a diameter of 3.04 m, was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base and Cape Canaveral Air Force Station on the 5th of December 2002.
The generated text is : The Audi A1 is a supermini with a 1.2 litre engine and is assembled in Audi Brussels.
The generated text is : Audi, founded by August Horch, is the manufacturer of the Audi A1 and has a division called Audi e-tron and a subsidiary called Ducati.
The generated text is : AIDAluna, owned by AIDA Cruises, is powered by Caterpillar Inc., which was founded in California and is located in Illinois.
The generated text is : AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft and is operated by AIDA Cruises and owned by Costa Crociere in Genoa.
The generated text is : Antares rocket, which is comparable to Delta II, was launched from Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in the United States.
The generated text is : The Antares rocket is comparable to the Delta II rocket which was launched from Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2 and Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in the United States.
The generated text is : The Alfa Romeo 164, a sedan automobile, was assembled in Italy and is related to the Fiat Croma and the Opel Vectra.
The generated text is : Fiat Croma and Opel Vectra are related means of transportation. Alfa Romeo 164, a sedan automobile, is assembled in Milan.
The generated text is : The General Dynamics Electric Boat is located in Groton, Connecticut and its parent company is General Dynamics. The American submarine NR-1 has a beam of 3.8 m.
The generated text is : A-Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft in Rostock, Germany. Stanislaw Tillich is the leader of Germany.
The generated text is : Atlas II is from the United States, where the capital is Washington D.C., English is the language spoken and African Americans are an ethnic group.
The generated text is : Atlas II is from the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is Washington D.C.
The generated text is : Aaron Bertram is associated with the band Kids Imagine Nation and the musical artist Suburban Legends. Brian Robertson is a trombonist in the band.
The generated text is : Aaron Deer is a solo singer from Indianapolis, Indiana. His genre is Psychedelia.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner, who sings, is associated with the Isis band and the Sumac band. His genre is Electroacoustic music.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner is associated with Twilight band and Old Man Gloom. His genre is Post-metal and his active years start in 1995.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner plays the electric guitar and is associated with the Sumac band. His genre is Black metal which is a fusion of death metal and black metal.
The generated text is : Ace Wilder is a solo singer who was born in Stockholm on July 23rd, 1982.
The generated text is : Ace Wilder was born in Sweden on July 23rd, 1982. He is a solo singer.
The generated text is : Ace Wilder was born in Stockholm in 1982. He is a solo singer and a songwriter.
The generated text is : Ace Wilder was born in Sweden in 1982. He is a solo singer and a songwriter.
The generated text is : Ahmet Ertegun is from Washington D.C. and is a non performing personnel. His genre is Rhythm and Blues.
The generated text is : Ahmet Ertegun is from the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. His genre is Rock and roll, which has its origins in the Blues.
The generated text is : Albennie Jones, born in 1950, is a member of the Rhythm and Blues genre which is derived from Disco and Blues.
The generated text is : Albennie Jones was born in the United States where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups. Her genre of music is Jazz and her style is Blues.
The generated text is : Aleksandra Kovac was born in 1972 in Belgrade and is a solo singer.
The generated text is : Aleksandra Kovac was born in the Socialist Republic of Serbia in 1972. She is a solo singer of Rhythm and Blues.
The generated text is : Alex Day is associated with the Chameleon Circuit band and Charlie McDonnell. He plays acoustic music and has been active since 2006.
The generated text is : Alex Day is associated with the Chameleon Circuit band and Charlie McDonnell. He plays electronic music and has been active since 2006.
The generated text is : Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, England in 1872. He died in London.
The generated text is : Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay. Daniel Martinez is the leader of Montevideo and Uruguayans live there.
The generated text is : Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Uruguay and is a Candombe singer. He is signed to RCA Records.
The generated text is : Alison O'Donnell is associated with the band Bajik and the musical artist Flibbertigibbet. She is a folk music artist whose career started in 1963.
The generated text is : Alison O'Donnell is associated with Mellow Candle and Head South By Weaving. She is a folk music artist whose career started in 1963.
The generated text is : Alison O'Donnell's genre is Jazz and she has a record label called Deram Records which is located in London. She also has a record label called Floating World Records.
The generated text is : Alison O'Donnell's genre is Jazz and she is signed to Deram Records (located in London) and Fruits de Mer Records.
The generated text is : Allen Forrest was born in 1981 in Fort Campbell. He is a solo singer and plays acoustic music.
The generated text is : Allen Forrest was born in 1981 in Fort Campbell, Kentucky and raised in Dothan, Alabama. He is a solo singer and plays hip hop music.
The generated text is : Marry Banilow and Andrew White are associated with the genre of Alternative rock which is a fusion of the genres of Nu metal and Punk rock.
The generated text is : Anders Osborne is associated with Billy Iuso, Tab Benoit and Galactic. He plays Rock music.
The generated text is : Anders Osborne is signed to Shanachie Records and has a record label called Alligator Records which is located in Chicago and plays Blues.
The generated text is : The Romanian born Andra singer sings and is a solo singer. Her genre is Dance-pop.
The generated text is : Andra is a singer from the genre of Rhythm and Blues which is derived from Funk and Disco. Blues is the stylistic origin of Rhythm and Blues.
The generated text is : Andrew Rayel is associated with Christian Burns and Jonathan Mendelsohn. He plays trance music and has been active since 2009.
The generated text is : Andrew Rayel is associated with the band Jwaydan Moyine and the musical artist Christian Burns. He plays trance music which has the stylistic origin of house music.
The generated text is : Andrew White is associated with the band Kaiser Chiefs and the musical artist Marry Banilow. He plays the genre of Alternative rock and has been active since 2003.
The generated text is : Andrew White is associated with Kaiser Chiefs and Marry Banilow. He was signed to the Universal Records label which is now defunct.
The generated text is : Agustin Barboza died in Asuncion, Gran Asuncion, Paraguay where Juan Afara is the leader.
The generated text is : The Banjo is an instrument in Country music which is played by Al Anderson and The Wildweeds. Al Anderson is a member of the NRBQ band which is associated with The Wildweeds.
The generated text is : Allen Forrest is a genre of hip hop music. Hip hop is derived from drum and bass and has stylistic origins in Disco and Funk.
The generated text is : Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, England. Manchester is part of Greater Manchester and is led by the Labour Party (UK).
The generated text is : Aaron Turner is associated with Twilight band and House of Low Culture. His genre is Post-metal and he plays the cello.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner, who plays the electric guitar, is associated with Twilight band, a genre of black metal, which is a fusion genre with death metal.
The generated text is : Albennie Jones was born in the United States where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups. Her genre is Rhythm and Blues which has the stylistic origins of Blues.
The generated text is : Aaron S. Daggett was born in Maine and served in the American Civil War. He was awarded the Purple Heart and died in West Roxbury.
The generated text is : Aaron S. Daggett was born in Maine and died in West Roxbury. He fought in the Battle of the Wilderness and was awarded the Purple Heart.
The generated text is : Ab Klink was born in the Netherlands. He graduated from Erasmus University in Rotterdam, which is affiliated with the Association of MBAs. He worked for the Ministry of Health, Welfare and Sport in the Netherlands.
The generated text is : Born in Miri Malaysia, Abdul Taib Mahmud is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and lives in Kuching, Asajaya.
The generated text is : Born in the Kingdom of Sarawak, Abdul Taib Mahmud is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. He is from the Asajaya region.
The generated text is : Adenan Satem was born during the Japanese occupation of British Borneo. He is the successor of Abdul Taib Mahmud who lives in Sarawak and is a member of the Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak party.
The generated text is : Adenan Satem was born during the Japanese occupation of British Borneo. He is the successor of Abdul Taib Mahmud who lives in Sarawak and is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu.
The generated text is : Abdulsalami Abubakar served as Vice President under Mike Akhigbe, whose predecessor was Oladipo Diya and whose successor is Atiku Abubakar. He is a member of the Nigerian Army.
The generated text is : Abdulsalami Abubakar served as Vice President under Mike Akhigbe, whose predecessor was Oladipo Diya. He was a member of the Nigerian Air Force and succeeded Al-Amin Daggash.
The generated text is : Abel Caballero was born in Galicia, Spain and served as Prime Minister under Felipe Gonzalez and Juan Carlos I of Spain. His predecessor was Francisco Franco.
The generated text is : Abel Caballero was born in Galicia, Spain. He was a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers Party and served as Minister of Transport.
The generated text is : Abraham A Ribicoff was born in New Britain, Connecticut, United States. His spouse is Casey Ribicoff. Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States.
The generated text is : Adam Holloway was born in Kent and graduated from Magdalene College, Cambridge. He fought in the Gulf War and was active from 2005-05-05.
The generated text is : Adam Koc is a Polish national who fought in the Polish-Soviet War. Joseph Stalin was the commander of the Polish-Soviet War. The Polish language is spoken in Poland.
The generated text is : Adam Koc, who died in New York City, fought in the Polish-Soviet War which is part of the Russian Civil War. The commander of the Polish-Soviet War was Joseph Stalin.
The generated text is : Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece and served as Vice President of New Democracy. His successor was Makis Voridis.
The generated text is : Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece. He worked at the Ministry of Economy Development and Tourism in Greece. His successor was Makis Voridis.
The generated text is : Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece and served as a member of the Hellenic Parliament. His successor was Makis Voridis.
The generated text is : Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands where the Euro is the currency. Emile Roemer is the leader of the Socialist Party (Netherlands) which is led by Emile Roemer.
The generated text is : Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands where the leader is Mark Rutte. She served as a member of the House of Representatives and is a member of the Socialist Party.
The generated text is : Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands where Mark Rutte and Emile Roemer are leaders of the Socialist Party.
The generated text is : Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands and is a member of the Socialist Party which is led by Emile Roemer. The party's colour is red and its leader is Agnes Kant.
The generated text is : Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge, London and served in the Battle of France. He was active from 1953-06-30 until 1979-03-30.
The generated text is : Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge, London and fought in the Battle of France. He was active from 1974-03-04 until 1979-03-30.
The generated text is : Airey Neave was a member of the Royal Artillery, whose garrison is at Hohne. He fought in World War II, whose commander was Chiang Kai-shek.
The generated text is : Albert B. White was born in Cleveland and died in Parkersburg, West Virginia. His successor was William M. O. Dawson who was born in Bloomington, Maryland.
The generated text is : Albert B. White was born in Cleveland and was active from 1901-03-04. He succeeded William M. O. Dawson.
The generated text is : Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York where French is spoken. He fought in the American Civil War where Abraham Lincoln was the commander.
The generated text is : Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York City and died in Dona Ana County, New Mexico. He fought in the American Civil War, whose commander was Jefferson Davis.
The generated text is : Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island, New York and died in New Mexico Territory, United States.
The generated text is : Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires where the leader is Horacio Rodriguez Larreta. He was a member of the Justicialist Party and served as President under Juan Peron.
The generated text is : Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina. He served as the Provisional President of the Argentine Senate and was a Rear Admiral. His successor was Isaac Rojas.
The generated text is : Alfred Moore Scales was born in Reidsville, North Carolina. He was a member of the Democratic Party (United States) and served as the Governor of North Carolina. His successor was Daniel Gould Fowle.
The generated text is : Alfred N. Phillips was born in Connecticut and served in the U.S. Army. He was a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district and fought in the Whiskey Rebellion.
The generated text is : Alfred N. Phillips was born in Connecticut and served as a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district. He was a member of the Democratic Party (United States) and succeeded Albert E. Austin.
The generated text is : Alfred N. Phillips was born in Darien, Connecticut and served as Mayor of Stamford, Connecticut. He was a member of the Democratic Party (United States) and succeeded Albert E. Austin.
The generated text is : Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin, Texas. He was a member of the Democratic Party (United States) and served as the Governor of Texas. His successor was Price Daniel.
The generated text is : Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin, Texas. He was a member of the Democratic Party (United States) and served as Governor of Texas. His successor was Wilfred R. Cousins Jr.
The generated text is : Alvah Sabin is from the 3rd congressional district of Vermont, where the largest city is Burlington. She served as Secretary of State of Vermont.
The generated text is : Alvah Sabin is from Vermont where the largest city is Burlington. She is a member of the Whig Party which is led by Daniel Webster.
The generated text is : Aaron S. Daggett was awarded the Purple Heart and fought in the Battle of Gettysburg which is part of the American Civil War. Robert E. Lee was the commander of the American Civil War.
The generated text is : Alberto Teisaire is a national of Argentina where the Spanish language is spoken. He is in office while Juan Peron, who is a member of the Labour Party, is President.
The generated text is : Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina. He served as President under Juan Peron who was a member of the Labour Party. His successor was Isaac Rojas.
The generated text is : AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft in Germany and is operated by AIDA Cruises. The owner of AIDAstella is Costa Crociere whose parent company is Carnival Corporation & plc.
The generated text is : AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruises. It was built by Meyer Werft and has a beam of 32.2 and a top speed of 38.892. It is 253260.0 millimetres long.
The generated text is : The ALCO RS-3 was built by the American Locomotive Company between May 1950 and August 1956. It has 12 cylinders and a four stroke engine.
The generated text is : The American Locomotive Company built the ALCO RS-3 between May 1950 and August 1956. It has 12 cylinders and a length of 17068.8 millimetres.
The generated text is : ALV X-1 originates from the United States where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital city is Washington D.C. The anthem of the United States is The Star-Spangled Banner.
The generated text is : The American Motors Matador (abbreviated to AMC Matador) is a mid-size car manufactured in Thames, New Zealand. It has a station wagon body style and an AMC V8 engine.
The generated text is : Alhambra was built by Samuda Brothers and is owned by the P&O company based in London. The ship has a beam of 8.3 metres and is powered by Humphrys Tennant and Dykes.
The generated text is : American Motors is the manufacturer of the AMC Matador, whose successor is the Eagle automobile. Its subsidiary is Wheel Horse and its key person is Roy D. Chapin Jr.
The generated text is : The American submarine NR-1 was launched on 25 January 1969. It has a draft of 4.6 m, a length of 45000.0 millimetres and a beam of 3.8 m. It has a top speed of 8.334.
The generated text is : The Minotaur IV rocket is associated with the Antares rocket which is launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 and is comparable to the Delta II rocket which originates from the United States.
The generated text is : Yuzhnoye Design Office is the manufacturer of the Antares rocket which was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 on 28 October 2014. Its final flight was on 13 July 2014 and its maiden flight was on 28 October 2014. It has a diameter of 3.9 metres.
The generated text is : Yuzhnoye Design Office is the manufacturer of the Antares rocket which was launched from Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 on 28 October 2014. Its diameter is 3.9 metres and its maiden flight was on 18 September 2013.
The generated text is : Ariane 5 was launched from the Guiana Space Centre on 11 August 2005. Its final flight was on 18 December 2009 and its diameter is 5.4 metres. It was manufactured by Airbus Defence and Space.
The generated text is : Arianespace is located in Courcouronnes, French Guiana and operates the ELA-3 launch site at the Guiana Space Centre. The launch site for Ariane 5 is the Guiana Space Centre.
The generated text is : The Aston Martin V8 is manufactured by Aston Martin and is assembled at Newport Pagnell. It has a 5.3 litre engine and is related to the Aston Martin DBS and Aston Martin Vantage.
The generated text is : The Aston Martin V8 has a 5.3 litre engine, is a coupe and is assembled in Newport Pagnell. It is related to the Aston Martin DBS and the Aston Martin RHAM/1.
The generated text is : The Aston Martin Virage is the successor to the Aston Martin V8 which was manufactured by Aston Martin and assembled in the UK. The Aston Martin V8 is related to the Aston Martin DBS. Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom.
The generated text is : The Audi A1 is a supermini with a front engine and front wheel drive. It is assembled in Brussels, Belgium and has a 1.2 litre engine.
The generated text is : Audi, founded by August Horch, is the manufacturer of the Audi A1. It is also the parent company of Ducati, Audi e-tron and Lamborghini.
The generated text is : AIDAluna is owned by AIDA Cruises and powered by Caterpillar Inc. The company was founded in California, United States and is located in Peoria, Illinois.
The generated text is : Douglas R Oberhelman is the key person at Caterpillar Inc. which was founded in the United States. AIDAluna is owned by AIDA Cruises and powered by Caterpillar Inc.
The generated text is : Douglas R Oberhelman is the key person at Caterpillar Inc. which was founded in the United States and is located in Peoria, Illinois. AIDAluna is owned by AIDA Cruises and is powered by Caterpillar Inc.
The generated text is : AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruises and built by Meyer Werft. It is owned by Costa Crociere which is located in Genoa and is owned by Carnival Corporation & plc.
The generated text is : The Aleksey Chirikov icebreaker was built by Arctech Helsinki Shipyard in Finland. The people of Finland are called Finns and the language spoken is Sami. The leader of Finland is Juha Sipila.
The generated text is : A-Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft in Rostock, Germany. Joachim Gauck is the leader of the country which has Berlin as its capital.
The generated text is : A-Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft in Rostock, Germany. The capital of Germany is Berlin and the leader is Andreas Vosskuhle.
The generated text is : Atlas II is from the United States where the native Americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is Washington D.C. English is the language spoken in the United States and the people are known as Americans.
The generated text is : Jorge Orosman da Silva manages Penarol, the youth club of Abel Hernandez, who plays for Central Espanol in the Uruguayan Segunda Division. He is also attached to the US Citta di Palermo club.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Chumakov played for the Soviet Union national football team and now plays for FC Torpedo Moscow. His manager is Valery Petrakov and he died in Russia where the leader is Valentina Matviyenko.
The generated text is : Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv, whose manager is Oleh Luzhny. He is attached to the club Olympique Lyonnais, whose ground is Parc Olympique Lyonnais and whose chairman is Jean-Michel Aulas.
The generated text is : Alessio Romagnoli played for U.C. Sampdoria and now plays for A.C. Milan. A.C. Milan are in the Serie A league and their manager is Sinisa Mihajlovic.
The generated text is : Alessio Romagnoli is in the A.C. Milan club and plays for U.C. Sampdoria. He also plays for the Italy under-17 football team. His manager is Sinisa Mihajlovic and his chairman is Silvio Berlusconi.
The generated text is : Giuseppe Iachini is the manager of U.S. Citta di Palermo where Abel Hernandez plays for the Uruguay national football team. He also plays for Central Espanol which is in the Uruguayan Segunda Division league.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow and is attached to the club FC Amkar Perm. The manager of FC Amkar Perm is Gadzhi Gadzhiyev and the club's ground is the Otkrytiye Arena. The chairman of FC Spartak Moscow is Sergey Rodionov.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow and manages FC Terek Grozny in Grozny. The chairman of FC Spartak Moscow is Sergey Rodionov.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Prudnikov is in the FC Spartak Moscow youth club and plays for FC Terek Grozny. The club's manager is Rashid Rakhimov and their ground is in Grozny. Prudnikov also plays for FC Dynamo Moscow.
The generated text is : Aleksandr Chumakov was born in the Soviet Union and played for the Soviet Union national football team. He now plays for FC Torpedo Moscow who were in the Russian Premier League in 2014-15. Their manager is Valery Petrakov.
The generated text is : Thomas Doll is the manager of Ferencvarosi TC, whose ground is Palo Seco. Akeem Adams plays for Ferencvarosi TC, whose chairman is Gabor Kubatov.
The generated text is : Thomas Doll is the manager of Ferencvarosi TC, whose ground is the Palo Seco Velodrome. Akeem Adams plays for Ferencvarosi TC, whose chairman is Gabor Kubatov. United Petrotrin F.C. also play at the Palo Seco Velodrome.
The generated text is : The orbital period of 19255 1994 VK8 is 8788850000.0, it has a mass of 5.6 kilograms, an apoapsis of 6603633000.0 kilometres and a periapsis of 6155910000000.0.
The generated text is : James Craig Watson was born in Canada and graduated from the University of Michigan. He discovered 101 Helena on August 15th, 1868 and died in Madison, Wisconsin.
The generated text is : James Craig Watson was born in Canada and graduated from the University of Michigan. He discovered 101 Helena and died in Madison, Wisconsin of peritonitis.
The generated text is : Walter Baade was born in the German Empire and graduated from the University of Gottingen. He was a doctoral student at the University of Gottingen and discovered 1036 Ganymed. He died in Gottingen.
The generated text is : Walter Baade was born in the German Empire and graduated from the University of Gottingen. He was a doctoral student with Halton Arp and Allan Sandage and discovered 1036 Ganymed.
The generated text is : Walter Baade was born in the German Empire and graduated from the University of Gottingen. He was a doctoral student at the University of Gottingen and discovered 1036 Ganymed.
The generated text is : James Craig Watson was born in Canada and graduated from the University of Michigan. He discovered 103 Hera on September 7th, 1868 and died in Madison, Wisconsin.
The generated text is : James Craig Watson was born in Canada and graduated from the University of Michigan. He discovered 103 Hera which has a periapsis of 371240000.0 kilometres. He died in Madison, Wisconsin.
The generated text is : 107 Camilla, discovered by B. Zellner, has an orbital period of 2368.05 days, an apoapsis of 479343000.0 kilometres and an orbital period of 560937000.0 kilometres.
The generated text is : 107 Camilla, discovered by C. Woods, has an orbital period of 2368.05 days, an apoapsis of 560937000.0 kilometres and a periapsis of 479343000.0 kilometres.
The generated text is : 107 Camilla, discovered by F. Vilas, has an orbital period of 2368.05 days, a periapsis of 479343000.0 and an apoapsis of 560937000.0 kilometres.
The generated text is : N. R. Pogson was born in Nottingham, England and died in Chennai. He discovered 107 Camilla which has an absolute Magnitude of 7.08.
The generated text is : 1089 Tama, formerly known as A919 HA; 1927 WB, was launched on 26 November 2005. Its orbital period is 1202.846 days and its apoapsis is 373513000.0 kilometres. Its escape velocity is 0.0068 kilometres per second.
The generated text is : 1101 Clematis has an orbital period of 183309000.0 and an apoapsis of 520906000.0 kilometres. It has a escape velocity of 0.02 kilometres per second and a mass of 5.7 kilograms.
The generated text is : 11264 Claudiomaccone has an orbital period of 1513.722 days, a periapsis of 296521000.0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 475426000.0 kilometres. Its temperature is 173.0 kelvins and its epoch is 2005-11-26.
The generated text is : Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri Malaysia on May 21, 1936. He is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and lives in Kuching, Asajaya.
The generated text is : Adenan Satem is the successor of Abdul Taib Mahmud who was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak. He is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and lives in Demak Jaya Jalan Bako Kuching, Sarawak. His alma mater is the University of Adelaide.
The generated text is : Abdulsalami Abubakar served as Vice President under Mike Akhigbe who succeeded Oladipo Diya. Akhigbe was a member of the Nigerian Navy and was in office until 1999-05-29. His successor was Atiku Abubakar.
The generated text is : Abdulsalami Abubakar succeeded Olusegun Obasanjo and was Vice President under Mike Akhigbe whose predecessor was Oladipo Diya. He was in the military branch of the Nigerian Army and was in office until 1999-05-29.
The generated text is : Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in Connecticut and died in the United States. He was a member of the Democratic Party and served as the Governor of Connecticut.
The generated text is : Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in Connecticut and was a member of the United States Democratic Party. He served as Secretary of Health, Education and Welfare and died in New York City.
The generated text is : Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in Connecticut and died in New York. His spouse was Casey Ribicoff. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
The generated text is : Adam Holloway was born in Kent and graduated from Magdalene College, Cambridge. He served as a Member of Parliament for Gravesham and was in the Grenadier Guards from 2005-05-05.
The generated text is : Adam Holloway was born in Faversham, Kent, England. He is a member of the Conservative Party (UK) and served in the Grenadier Guards. His alma mater was Magdalene College, Cambridge. His active years started on 2005-05-05.
The generated text is : Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece. He served as Prime Minister under Antonis Samaras and Konstantinos Mitsotakis. His successor was Makis Voridis.
The generated text is : Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands where Mark Rutte and Emile Roemer are leaders. She served as a member of the House of Representatives in the Netherlands.
The generated text is : Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands, where Mark Rutte and Khadija Arib are leaders. She served as a member of the House of Representatives and lives in Doesburg.
The generated text is : Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands where Mark Rutte and Emile Roemer are leaders. Agnes Kant lives in Doesburg.
The generated text is : Albert B. White was born on 22nd September 1856 in Parkersburg, West Virginia. He died on 3rd July 1941 in Parkersburg.
The generated text is : Albert B. White was born in Cleveland and married Agnes Ward White. He died in Parkersburg, West Virginia. His successor was William M. O. Dawson who was born in Bloomington, Maryland.
The generated text is : Albert B. White was born in Cleveland and married Agnes Ward White. He served as the Governor of West Virginia and succeeded William M. O. Dawson. His term of office ended on 1905-03-04.
The generated text is : Albert B. White was born in Cleveland and was a member of the Republican Party of the United States. He was active from 1901-03-04 and succeeded William M. O. Dawson.
The generated text is : Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires. He was President of the Labour Party in Argentina. His wife is Eva Peron and the leader of Buenos Aires is Horacio Rodriguez Larreta.
The generated text is : Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina on May 20, 1891. He served as the Provisional President of the Argentine Senate and was a Rear Admiral. His successor was Isaac Rojas.
The generated text is : Alfons Gorbach was born in Tyrol, Austria. He was a member of the Austrian People's Party and died in Graz.
The generated text is : Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, Tyrol and died in Graz. He was a member of the Austrian People's Party and died in Styria.
The generated text is : Alvah Sabin died in Sycamore, Illinois. She lived in the 3rd congressional district of Vermont, where Burlington is the largest city.
The generated text is : Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia and died in Sycamore, Illinois. She was born in Vermont's 3rd congressional district. The largest city in Vermont is Burlington.
The generated text is : Alfred Moore Scales is from the United States and fought in the Battle of Gettysburg which is part of the American Civil War. Jefferson Davis was the commander of the American Civil War. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
The generated text is : Alfred Moore Scales is from the United States where Native Americans are an ethnic group. He fought in the Siege of Petersburg which is part of the American Civil War. Jefferson Davis was the commander of the American Civil War.
The generated text is : Alberto Teisaire is a national of Argentina where the Spanish language is spoken. He is married to Eva Peron and is a member of the Labour Party.
The generated text is : Aaron Bertram is associated with the band Kids Imagine Nation and the musical artist Suburban Legends. Brian Robertson is a trombonist in the band. The genre of Ska punk has the stylistic origins of punk rock.
The generated text is : Aaron Deer is a solo singer from Indiana, United States. He is associated with Wee Giant and the genre of Indie rock.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner was born in the United States and has been active since 1995. He is associated with the band Old Man Gloom and the band Lotus Eaters. His genre of music is black metal.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner (born in Massachusetts) is associated with Twilight and Lotus Eaters. He is a member of the sludge metal genre and has been active since 1995.
The generated text is : Abradab was born in Katowice, Poland on 12 November 1978. He is associated with the band Kaliber 44 and the rapper Magik.
The generated text is : Ace Wilder was born in Sweden on July 23rd, 1982. He is a solo singer.
The generated text is : Ace Wilder was born in Stockholm on July 23rd, 1982. He is a solo singer and a songwriter.
The generated text is : Ace Wilder's music genre is Hip hop. Hip hop is a subgenre of gangsta rap, is derived from drum and bass and has stylistic origins in Funk and Disco.
The generated text is : Ace Wilder, who was born in Sweden, is a member of the Hip Hop music genre. Hip hop is derived from drum and bass and has the stylistic origins of Funk and Disco.
The generated text is : Al Anderson was born in Windsor, Connecticut. He is a member of the NRBQ band which is associated with The Wildweeds and plays Rock music. The band was formed in 1966.
The generated text is : The Al Anderson NRBQ band is associated with the band/associated musical artist NRBQ. The band plays the guitar and is a genre of Rock music which has the origins of Country music and is a fusion of Bhangra music.
The generated text is : Alan Frew was born in Coatbridge, Ontario, Canada. He is a musician and a solo singer.
The generated text is : Aleksandra Kovac was born in the Socialist Republic of Serbia in 1972. She is a solo singer and performs Pop and Disco music.
The generated text is : Aleksandra Kovac has been a solo singer since 1990. She is a member of the K2 Kovac sisters duo and a member of the Rhythm and Blues genre.
The generated text is : Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, England in 1872. He died in London.
The generated text is : Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester and died in London. Boris Johnson is the leader of London which is lead by the European Parliament.
The generated text is : Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester and died in London. The leader of Manchester is the Labour Party and the leader of London is the European Parliament.
The generated text is : Alison O'Donnell is associated with the band Flibbertigibbet and Mellow Candle. She is a member of the Folk music of Ireland genre and was signed to Floating World Records in 1963.
The generated text is : Alison O'Donnell's genre is Jazz, which is a derivative of Funk. Her record label is Deram Records which is located in London. She is also signed to Stanyan Records.
The generated text is : Alison O'Donnell plays the autoharp and is a member of the Jazz genre which is derived from funk and afrobeat.
The generated text is : Alison O'Donnell plays the voice, bodhran, percussion and autoharp. She is a member of the Jazz genre which has its origins in Blues, Funk and Afrobeat.
The generated text is : Allen Forrest was born in Dothan, Alabama in 1981. He is a solo singer and was born in Fort Campbell.
The generated text is : Anders Osborne is associated with Billy Iuso, Galactic and the Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars. His genre of music is Rock and he was in the band since 1989.
The generated text is : Anders Osborne is associated with Tab Benoit, Billy Iuso and the band Galactic. He is also a member of the Blues genre and has been active since 1989.
The generated text is : Andra singer was born in 1986 in Campia Turzii. She is a solo singer and a reality television judge.
The generated text is : Andra singer was born in Romania in 1986. She sings Rhythm and Blues and is a solo singer.
The generated text is : Andrew Rayel is associated with Armin van Buuren, Bobina, Mark Sixma, Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan Alexander Popov, Jano Alexandre Bergheau, Jonny Rose, Sylvia Tosun Lira, Yin Alexandra Badoi. His genre is Trance music which has the stylistic origin of Pop music.
The generated text is : Andrew Rayel was born in Chisinau, Moldova. He is associated with Christian Burns and Armin van Buuren. He plays trance music and was active from 2009 to 2010.
The generated text is : Andrew Rayel was born in Chisinau, Moldova. He is associated with the band Jwaydan Moyine and the musical artist Bobina. He plays trance music and has been active since 2009.
The generated text is : Andrew Rayel, who plays the string instrument, is associated with Christian Burns and Jwaydan Moyine. He is also associated with John Digweed and plays trance music.
The generated text is : Andrew White is associated with Kaiser Chiefs and Marry Banilow. He is on the record label B-Unique Records and Polydor Records and has been active since 2003.
The generated text is : Allen Forrest, who was born in Fort Campbell, is a genre of hip hop music. Hip hop is derived from drum and bass and has stylistic origins in Disco and Funk.
The generated text is : Allen Forrest, who was born in 1981, is a member of the hip hop genre. Hip hop is derived from drum and bass and has stylistic origins in Disco and Funk.
The generated text is : Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester and died in London. The Parliament of the United Kingdom is the leader of London. The Labour Party is the leader of Manchester.
The generated text is : Agustin Barboza was born in Asuncion and died in Paraguay. The leader of Paraguay is Juan Afara and the language spoken is Spanish. One of the ethnic groups in Paraguay is the Mestizo.
The generated text is : Andrew White is a musician from the genre of Alternative rock, which is a fusion of the music genres Nu metal and alternative rock. His record label is Polydor Records which is located in London.
The generated text is : Andrew White is a musician from the genre of Alternative rock, which is a fusion of the music genres Nu metal and alternative rock. He was signed to the defunct Universal Records record label and is represented by the London based Polydor Records.
The generated text is : The Al Anderson NRBQ band plays the guitar and is part of the genre of Rock music which is a fusion of Bhangra music and Country music. Country music has the stylistic origins of Blues and Rock.
The generated text is : Al Anderson NRBQ band is a genre of Rock music which has elements of Blues, Bhangra and Country music. The Banjo is an instrument in Country music.
The generated text is : Aaron Turner, who plays the electric guitar, is associated with Twilight band and Old Man Gloom. Black metal is a genre of death metal fusion.
